You know what I do is write for children , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , the most read in the U.S .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer or leather clothes , and nobody has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and <unk> .
And you know that an epiphany generally is something that fell somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle of which I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of class .
When he was beating up every week in the kids ' bathroom , until a teacher saved me life .
She saved my life by letting me go into the bathroom 's room .
I did it at secret .
So for three years .
I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that we can never get to know us .
You could drive to Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to stand up with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we 're laughing , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman I wanted to know himself as an adult she came to me , he became a ash box and was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about it in itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today to talk about this today .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first shoot .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what he was in front of me .
I would hang them down to my water , almost 60 meters , and I could n't think that it was a snowflake as a snowflake as a snowflake as a year after year .
You 're going on when you get out of the glaciers , or you 're broken the walls of ice .
Each eardrum has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people refuse to give up and hold onto it up to the end , while others can not stand it anymore , and they 're going on in a <unk> kind of passion .
It 's easy to think , when you see an iceberg that are isolated apart and alone as we see us sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As an iceberg will melt , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As an iceberg goes into iceberg releases fresh water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I walk up to photograph these <unk> , as if it would be about the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , and they will not exist in the way again .
It 's not death when it 's melt ; it 's not an end , but it 's just next on its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple of thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are of an iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to get a rolling iceberg .
Here you have .
You can see the left one boat .
It 's about five feet .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved to the other side and the man 's standing there .
This is an iceberg of Greenland , average size .
<unk> from the water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so I just said , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same moment , each of a baby is a baby .
So two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in one case , the chromosome and the sperm joined the X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome comes together to the X chromosome .
They both turn on and starts life .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my field activity , I turned two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the story of the anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people came up with the anatomy -- to say , from human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the body fluids , the idea of the body , what have thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate , or , as I say sometimes , advocate for people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical characteristics defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with un-typical sex , individuals whose physical typology does not fit into the male schemes and conventional female .
We can call it <unk> .
<unk> takes lots of shapes .
I 'm going to give you some examples of ways to have sex that you do n't have in the normal or female forms .
So for example , there 's the case of the individual <unk> baseline whose <unk> gene from the chromosome is tells you to <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , which become testes .
And then , in the fetal life , testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does not react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high levels of testosterone , but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops in a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby has a little girl .
It 's a girl . She 's raised as a child .
And , often , it 's not until puberty , when he 's growing up and developing breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual period , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , he actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , as men , we have in the body called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I think being a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We produce <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles that has the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male man ; she had girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life as a boy and had just found that he had she had a ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and the <unk> glands were so active that they were essentially creating a male hormone environment .
As a result , their genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone component of a male .
He was born as a child ; nobody suspected anything .
And it went to 19 years when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors found out , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , is to say , they have <unk> tissue wrapped into <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that 's happening .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies have been dwarfed , <unk> twins , or <unk> , <unk> surgery , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they 're being tested to , is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings together a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; they 're supposed to be black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A <unk> idea .
And when we have a body showing us something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism concept .
Imagine how surprising it is to have children that are born as two people in one body .
The highest case is last year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> ; he put his sex cloth in the Berlin Games in Berlin .
A lot of journalists called to wonder , `` What tests are you going to do to determine whether or whether or a woman or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such one exam .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women , and we are ourselves who we draw that line .
So what we 've got is a situation where the more we get through the science , the more we have to admit that these categories , which we thought were a stable anatomical categories that came straight into it with stable <unk> categories , are much more <unk> than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimps .
What about the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved into science , we get more and more in an uncomfortable zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life .
It 's hard to set a moment from which one body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very heated discussions today , not in public , but I do n't think about it as someone considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to engage with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of it , they put a pen in front of your nose , and if he moved still not yet .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we need to confront the dilemma of how someone 's death , and this puts us in a hard situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion explosion could be happy to someone like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
And so that these categories are much more fragile than we thought I would tense .
It 's <unk> from the point of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of the fathers know .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each looking at this <unk> musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical musical music is .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with fathers out .
The Parents know were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected was a anatomic concept , and they would dismiss it with another which was radical and beautiful , and it remained for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what was rejected by our Parents know was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was going to be passed from the grandfather 's right to the father and then the son , etc .
Parents know that idea , and replaced it by a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They did the field of play , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy , not the anatomical differences , that was very radical .
And in part they were doing it because they 're part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy and at the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of fathers know , that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and therefore rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes from a vague idea of birth .
They were moving towards a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about nature 's power to tell us who we are .
And as a result , they were passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were just laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think about it , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights Movement with the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights Movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
So again , people of color who are attached to the anatomical match on the anatomical difference and , again , succeeded .
We see the same with the <unk> movement .
The problem is , of course , that as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights that a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be able to figure out to the anatomy .
I do n't want to say that in five years , they had to allow them to have sex or getting married .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me makes sense , and I think we should be keeping .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them , and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two beings that we can do at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both we respond to the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before : June 1 .
Henry , in the contrary , was born in term , was born on the March 1 , 1980 .
For the fact that I was born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that , because I have a different biological age , but because he was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , in virtue of being a man , if I did n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , at virtue of being considered man now is <unk> from the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So yet we still have anatomical categories that in various ways are disconnected and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went down so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science comes up .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a very rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain point has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome to get married with a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do exams tests .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech , `` Got team '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based not on their skin color , but in the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I 'm not sure that we should be able to do this for <unk> rights to people , because I 've to admit that I know some of the <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex with people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could in the future being measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we want to really get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I do know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to keep this current thought of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian of a man who feels attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless he 's willing to submit to a sex shift , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like the surgeon who talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd made birth twins and then pick it out and grow their fame .
But when the phone asked her the reason for the operation , it was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country these kids would be very abused , and therefore had to do it .
I said , `` Well , it 's considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities for people to be who are <unk> to change the sake of the state .
So I think we have to be the head .
Well , to conclude , I mean , I 've been talking a lot about the Parents .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more participation to the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and it 's that I think there may be different ideas coming from different anatomical self-interest , in particular if there are people thinking about groups .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in are the differences between men and women in terms of the way to think and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in fact , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and care about those who are <unk> within the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
So years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism , as a feminist thought , like <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's feminine feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to get rid of our gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing female on feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought of myself in your question , the more I 've been like there 's something female on feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more nuanced to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the Parents were very attentive to find the way we protect people through the state , it 's possible that , of having gotten more <unk> to this concept , we might have enriched the concept of protecting ourselves with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : to think less on the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So while we try to create a more perfect joint , let 's think of what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to live and work , I have the possibility of choice between at least a handful of different cities that are competing for attracting new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count in a single city they 're willing to have a single city .
But the amazing thing about cities is that they 're worth more than their construction cost .
So easily we could get to the world tens , perhaps hundreds , of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just went off by the buildings of apartments .
Imagine half of those who wanted to live in apartments , they were owners and in the other half of it still not to do it .
You could try to increase the ability making rise to all the existing buildings .
But you know the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have norms to avoid discomfort and the <unk> distractions .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build a new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place will build the building instead of putting a block .
So I proposed that governments were going to build new reform zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : cities under a charter cities .
Later I found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could be able to do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , in 2009 , we had a horrific constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> had been charged with a platform in which I promised reforms and the same reconciliation .
He asked her to be his chief cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of us , trial and error and a lot of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated city of cities under the charter to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both of technologies to make progress , and usually they 're the rules that keep us forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link with the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Look at it ; in some cases , it 's worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described to the very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it begins with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that were going on there and a choice for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to go back and talk about the four and 5 in January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which I was trying to explain that to get a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
This airport is covering over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince you that to build a new city , you have to start with a place that wants to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> <unk> .
The audience faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential thing ; that a new city can offer new options for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you might go to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away towards the North .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras need help from associated with countries associated , they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the charter , so that they could all be trusted that the charter is effectively expanding .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could easily cover a thousand square miles .
And shortly afterwards , on January 19 , they voted in Congress to <unk> her Constitution , and adding a constitutional arrangement that would allow these very special development regions .
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress to the constitutional amendment for this constitutional amendment .
All parties , all the factions in society , the <unk> .
By <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17 , it was approved again in another voting , of 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , the 21 to 24 in February , a <unk> delegation was to the two places in the world that are most interested in building cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new <unk> center that 's being built in South Korea -- it 's bigger than the Boston center .
All you see there was built in four years , after that was four years to get permission to .
The other interest in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this in practical mode , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come , and they would allow to operate under an offshore legal system .
A country has already committed to allowing her Supreme Court to be the final court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know you 've already solved is that they have a good number of residents .
There are a lot of companies that wanted to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job , and sometimes they are unmarried mothers who have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes even kids are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What do you think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to do a public confession , and it 's , I live obsessed with costumes .
I love finding , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish in my blog , colorful and different ones for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is a second hand of <unk> markets and retail shops .
Ah , thank you .
<unk> stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I 'm going to get to know people , and usually , my money goes to a good cause ; my money looks unique ; and I 'll buy it into my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Does it be about my stature ?
Am I going to like color ?
Is it going to cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what do you get with someone who has all that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I 'm wearing .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear for exactly a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you get here to Palm Springs .
And because I do n't know you as the woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't it sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure , not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You 're almost always going phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
The whole set , including the jacket , and it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've ever used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's almost impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know .
If you get rid of the right people , you 're not just going to understand you , you 're also going to tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you take inside .
Sometimes people tell me that they seem to play the <unk> , or I remind them to be a little bit of your age of seven .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you see it well with something , you 're almost sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't think you 're okay with something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 , that I really understood their meaning .
And I 'll explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : <unk> a personal and unique style of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week just by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
This is obviously not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to leave certain things .
I do n't need emotionally <unk> to these things , because back in the corner , there will always be another crazy <unk> , colorful and bright suit , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you turn a scale to measure the fitness in every hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some <unk> by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that they are mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react . And then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
Now , another intuition that you can have developed over the past step is the one that says that one thing can be only in one place at the time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed .
I remember looking at a child playing on a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and he did n't do it very well , it always fell off .
But I bet playing with that bar of parking lot , I 've taught him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> to be put in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you 're a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really strange things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't often play with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen it .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But he did n't fit well to my logic part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , so it should n't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see has been on a quantum mechanics in quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the metal piece that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . You find it right at the center .
And then here we do a good approach to a small metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal with a springboard and a springboard , and it stands down on a platform .
And then I did this almost as a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a swimming hole , which is underneath the device .
This device has the ability to be on a quantum overlap , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how awkward it is to be on an elevator with people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all sorts of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll stop doing those things , because I do n't want to bother , or actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The teammates on the journey of inanimate objects are not only people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens to its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We 'll take the lights off , then we introduced a Roomba and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it down to a temperature of less than absolute zero .
Now , when I was just on the elevator , the little metal piece is free of acting as it .
So we measured their motions .
We found that it moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way that he was able to get was a breath like this -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And when you give it a soft lift , we could make it <unk> and do n't do it at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean , it does n't mean a little thing , and do n't you do it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , every trillion atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just a certain point when those are line up .
The rest of the time is <unk> .
It means that each atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that all of the metal piece is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference in scale between one atom and that little bit of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that metal piece can be in two different places , why not you too ?
I mean , it 's my logical part , which speaks .
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time , how would that be ?
How does your consciousness act if your body was <unk> in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it , and we turned the lights up and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , seemingly all the objects on the elevator actually are just quantum objects that are simply on a small space .
You hear a lot about a lot about that quantum mechanics claims it 's all interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And I was 18 months I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my head who is here and that allowed me to take it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did .
I think my own story is simply explaining to this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> from a great education -- I do n't get rid of it , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and art works .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Well , better than show the demo and then tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to miss it .
Look around all the museums that there are .
There 's <unk> gallery , the MoMA , the <unk> , the <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to the <unk> , the art museum in New York City .
There are two ways to make it -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Mumbai or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Would you want to navigate the museum ?
We open up the flat flat , and by one click , we jumped inside .
You 're inside , you want to go to the end of the hallway .
I 'm going to go forward . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' of Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 billion pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 billion pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you actually get with 10,000 billion pixels .
You can zoom around in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are going on .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` A moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went in and discovered that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is to hit a <unk> with a pole on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get even further down , and you 'll see that you can actually get to the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take the picture , so you 'll actually see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best one is coming , a second .
So now we 're going to jump over again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find detail .
But what if you want to see the <unk> ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really achieves it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` the night <unk> , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things over here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everybody , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online to create their own museum , create his own collection of all these images .
It 's very simple , we walk in , and I 've created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' -- we just zoom around in .
It 's about `` ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
So , in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all the amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital media makes justice for the artwork that is represented appropriately online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is no .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon everyone .
I have something to show you .
Think about it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian , all of the kids in Italy , grow up with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that it has happened something very interesting in Formula 's careers one in the last two decades .
Now , sometime ago , if you wanted to win a year 's career , you take a budget and you put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , will be distributed in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter in our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're turning computers into the air .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and <unk> .
The cities are big .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the crust of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond cities , all these detections , are all entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition from optogenetics to weekends at MoMA in the summer .
It 's called `` Uncle Man . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way , it 's just like almost all of the existing atoms that were sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo was scattered the Moses , it 's said that by the end , he took the hammer , and he threw him up to the Moses -- and you can still see a little <unk> dent and said , `` You know , you know , preserve <unk> ? '' ( Why do n't you talk ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts telling us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; they <unk> in the idea of taking the environment and push something .
Let 's start detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer , hopefully 2006 .
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember it , they were playing Italy and France , and at the end of them , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
At the early days , there are people here and there doing calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She earns , yeah !
That night everyone went to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day , everybody came to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called the Massimo <unk> , where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city of a city that we would n't have been able to do just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but of things we use and consume .
Today we know all about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how you put them together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage on its shift through the system .
We started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago , to label what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are in all ways .
Then we put a little chip , a label , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of the results .
In Seattle .
after a week .
With this information we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're going on complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we dropped , it does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle we dropped a day still on there .
If we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other cool things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology be , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that you open and close .
It creates like a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If the pixels fall , you can write about them , show patterns , images , text .
And as we zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can go , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
He liked a lot like a lot .
And we had a commission to design the building at the entryway .
We call it the Digital Water section .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no doors , no windows , but when you 're coming up and open up so you can go .
The ceiling also is covered with water .
And if there 's a bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or we can close the building and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
Those days there will always be somebody , in the winter , when the roof go down , someone who was there and said , `` Let 's hold the building . ''
No , it 's not that they 've been demolished , but when it comes down almost the entire architecture .
Here 's how it works .
You see the people who are going on in the inside .
And here I am trying to do not get wet to test the sensors that open the water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids of <unk> came to the building , because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to leave you , but a building that followed cuts and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
And for us , that was really interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that these pixels could begin to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if a cloud moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
Sort of a flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what it changes is the light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play it with a different type .
Imagine that the display appears in different scales and sizes , in different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixels of 3D in 3D , where you can zoom in and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> <unk> , going down to an V , as before .
When the light lights up , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of the people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers in today , the New York City star <unk> star to capture their movements in 3D and using them as input to <unk> .
Here we can see Santa dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , the catch in different resolutions .
It 's both three 3D in real time as motion capture .
It can spread all the movement .
You can travel all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with the color and the movement , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as an input to the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people to do something and change our environment , like a <unk> nursery like a barn farm , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of us put a little bit for a pixel .
And I think what has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we 've gone from the physical world to the digital world .
We have digitized everything as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the very first time -- and the Obama campaign was <unk> , we can move from the digital world , of self-organizing power of networks to the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we go from digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from the same way that the real cloud is a cloud cloud .
And those particles are water , whereas our cloud are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in the pixel .
You can move around , you can have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will be to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's both a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can go in there .
As if it was a new digital outcry at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than what they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just some changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for a more accurate , more accurate and faster thing .
Or maybe they would like to be in better shape , will be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and safer .
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity . Creativity .
How many people would do creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few of them probably had the number of creative people present .
That 's really good .
How many would pick the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , most of them , that makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or may it be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the <unk> Church of <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for Evolution to Evolution . ''
But if you actually embrace biological evolution consider this : Is this just about the past , or the future ?
Is it about others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , it is , of course , the most we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
There 's been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone back and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem like we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in its majority , the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Can you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin ; but it 's the same protein , chemically reactive , which comes out of pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take in the most bacteria , the more bacteria that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio raises the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , is very welcoming .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that they can want without effort on their side .
It 's really like a quick thing to bacteria with the occasional <unk> disruption of the output .
But , by the way , we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our lives .
They help digest nutrients essential , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what will the future hold us ?
Are we in sort of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , which is perhaps the best adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony of the universe , the life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , like one single and only <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk , so I hope you 've enjoyed it .
When I recently reported college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , every cell simply divide , and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into the stage sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have a confession to think about , when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , death of sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but every year that was happening , every time I had more doubts .
I came to understand the <unk> of George Burns , who still was performing Las Vegas in their 90s .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a magnificent light dancer .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came in search for a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I pick the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to get healthy .
He wanted to recover health care .
I wanted to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about shifting the genome to the next generation ; adapting and generation after generation .
From an evolutionary view , you and I are as <unk> rocket rockets to send the genetic load to the next level the orbital level , and then let us fall to the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to get immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily favors longevity .
It does n't necessarily address the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest .
Evolution favors the best adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dry , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what does this mean , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward to the next phase , I would argue that there are many possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't stop .
We have reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that would have been <unk> and written from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we set up our environment to fit us as well as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated , and we 're going to be so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution .
A second possibility is that we have a traditional , natural type , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , when as a species , distant planets are going to exist and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , new evolution , which is not just natural -- but <unk> and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will make .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
First of all consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , they 're making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they are choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you pick up the individual and family level .
Think that if it could be possible to be able not only sex in your offspring , but in your own body , make the genetic settings for cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued .
<unk> million dollars .
In the next year , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the 3,000 billion base pairs in the human genome at a near cost to 60 and a week .
Not a lot of that for us to do the human genome for 1,000 dollars and be increasingly aware of all of them .
Those changes come from .
The same technology that 's produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves , but they 're going to induce other virus immunity .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in course with the flu vaccine stem in a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good about tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine only other two changes .
Can they change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change their offspring cells ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the egg <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , remove the diabetes , remove the <unk> , to reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why not have the ingenuity of an Ken Jennings , especially if you could get it with the next generation of the machine Watson ?
Why do n't you have a faster <unk> that allowed us to run faster and faster ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this next to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to become the evolution of before in <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally could take 100,000 years , and we can compress it down to 1,000 years , and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have them .
Are we going to use these choices to try to make a better , more successful society , more considered ?
Or , are we going to choose selectively attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust and more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And most profound about everything : we 're going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . Sounds terrifying .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about with flight assistants .
So I looked at it , and they said , `` No problem . You probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot already had crossed the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot 's operating plane with the Hudson River .
And usually that 's not the route .
We 'll get the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three more <unk> words I heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk about the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about the people who wanted to come and did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I wanted to have , and I never had .
As I was thinking about that later , I came a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to miss anything in life .
And that urge , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as the bridge , George Washington , which was n't for a long -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes , I 've been trying to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also gave my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter to people that matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , like <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels about wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'm going to be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break down in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for it all of our lives .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is going on in a single thought , which is , just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
One month later , I was in an actual performance of my daughter -- first grade , not much artistic talent -- still , and I scream , cry , like a small one .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be in the world .
At that point I understood , when we connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
Because of all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was given a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and to live in another way .
You 're flying today , the challenge you can imagine that the same thing will happen in your airplane -- and please do n't it -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What do you do , you still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the coolest thing I worked was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he came to her home after running and said , `` Dad , feel tingling on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , the graffiti is kind of intricate we admire and respect in the art world .
So we decided that we were going to get to Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met her brother and father and said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to communicate with him and he will be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , do n't you have seen Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you be important , and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do you communicate that ? ''
Would anybody see the movie `` `` Can you draw the butterfly '' ?
They communicate that way -- they 're <unk> with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I introduced myself to the only desire to deliver a check and instead sign a check that did n't have the least idea of how he was going to cover .
I committed with her brother and father there at the very precise moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to get it back to do its art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that somebody who 's in their inside ca n't afford it . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research Lab , which have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw about that and record the negative space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
They first start with sexual organs , then with bad words , then with the Bush attacks and , at the end , people start to do art .
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things on one side , we had done a couple of things .
One , we played the gates of the insurance companies , and we get a machine that <unk> could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking 's .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> , because when I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all the world 's <unk> around the corner of the <unk> to our house .
My wife , the kids , and I , we moved into the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> , took the house over the house .
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid , and that when we were able to have taken the frames out of the walls and instead there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping walk in Venice , my son was part , my dog , too , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sun glasses to buy in the shipping walk in Venice Beach , some copper wire and <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we opened it up , we put it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that is free -- and it builds one yourself ; we publish the code , the software will go down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says , `` No . ''
No hospital I can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after over a year of planning , two weeks of programming , intense sessions from all night , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so that I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the hospital out of the hospital .
And he came back to drawing her family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were looking at graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I had been underwater , and somebody finally came to <unk> and would get me out there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't that wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in movement , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a cool device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> jet .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve and make it faster and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of prizes .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really cool .
The best thing about this -- -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April of this year in April <unk> in downtown Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art on <unk> . ''
And `` Art on <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
It 's going to be in the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you see something that is not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , nothing was possible at a certain time .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with <unk> technology -- I just recognized something , and I 'm very excited to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we 're going to find something we feel like to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in rather difficult situations and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- so much fun in the beginning , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in horrible situations with the only goal to try to look at social issues in ways that are attractive , interesting , and hopefully , analyzing it in a way that looked cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk on the world of brands and the patronage I wanted to do something a little bit different .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I took a <unk> warning .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , offered the rights of my TEDTalk 2011 .
What was the next thing to do : `` My TEDTalk shows : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and content on content might be able to get into the face , especially if I put it in ridicule to you or your company to do it .
But saying this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
You know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a title of progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> knew that someone was going to buy the rights from the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell them for sure .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we tested the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could <unk> , to something as hard or as dangerous as you get into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan Hendry : I want to make a film that I think about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film is connected to <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to call `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The biggest <unk> film '' is that all of the top up at the bottom , it has images of brand , all the time , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes before the title , the X marks .
Now this brand , <unk> <unk> , the <unk> Center .
These people were going to come up with this film in advance -- forever .
And so the film is exploring this whole idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's redundant . ) That 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) ( MK : It 's redundant . ''
I 'm an redundant person . ( MK : I 'm just saying .
It was `` In advance . ''
But we 're not just going to have the brand set of brand on the title , but we 're going to make sure that we use all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe you 've ever used ...
The most amazing car you 've driven in `` The biggest <unk> ever sold , '' the best <unk> you 've ever drunk from `` The biggest <unk> ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , in addition to showing you the brands as part of the life , make them <unk> the film ? ( MS : To make the film <unk> . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The film that film completely is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , at first .
And I would love to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the ultimate respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea ) David <unk> : How much money does it need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , `` Who knows , maybe for the moment that the film comes out to us as a bunch of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell it , by the film or being ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Okay . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge ) When you look at the people that you have to treat .
MK : We have a few places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) <unk> the camera .
MS : I thought , `` shut off the camera '' meant we have a conversation out of a microphone .
The camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And that 's one for one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know about this project .
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising , I was to introduce it to as many people as possible , to make so many people as they could see it as possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the middle media , is not the idea to tell that new vehicle worthy of attention that 's going to take the message to the masses ?
No , that was what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this one .
Actually , no , there was no mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images of Google ' at Google -- this is one of the first images that appear .
I like rolling , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency , from simulation or deception , easily detected or seen ; it 's easily detected ; that 's being characterized by the visibility or access to information , mostly in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president the claims , even the CEOs name .
But suddenly when it comes to making something really , it changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , transparency is scary -- like that rare bear that still continues .
It 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
It 's an entire bowl of Cool Cool bowl .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell them we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell you a story .
We want you to tell a story , but tell you a story . ''
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he 's looking at me as he used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , there 's my story , and there 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> from many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own , I would have to remove the proxy and go to the companies myself with my whole team .
So what I started to warn you about a sudden -- and I started giving me <unk> is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , giant , giant films that make small films , independent movies like mine .
And my friends who make movies of big Hollywood movies , they say that the reason that their movies are so successful is because of the markings of brands that they have .
And then my friends who make independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically how we 're in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You 're a little bit nervous .
I want to help you . ''
Maybe you should put yourself a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there 's one of these cool <unk> .
Whether `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` paradise of paradise '' you will have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as for a woman , solid , to <unk> it , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give them a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller film that you have made -- we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget to have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , to remind people is the reason that we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe from trying to describe us ?
It 's in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus `` combat and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we keep ourselves fresh , better accurately , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common type ?
I need to talk to the man on the street , to the people like me , the ordinary <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do they define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , punk <unk> , unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something only . ( MS : unique ) Man : I guess the type of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of the dark colors , many gray and things like that .
Usually I 'm wearing accessories as a sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , the Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In part hippie , in part <unk> , in part <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
Let 's give them toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx , because deliver the goods .
Man 5 : Clean <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , not all of us can be brand by Tom , but I often lie at the intersection of dark <unk> and casual <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could enter my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Pittsburgh <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they could do it for them , they could probably do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit of how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live -- like people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from and start in a place and in my case come and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What is the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why , so what does that work ?
What is the machete ? What phase of <unk> you find now ?
Why is it important ? What is red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
... a little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to be afraid , what kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great job ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . )
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was really crazy about all of this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there 's two different sides , but complementary ones , on your brand brand ; Morgan Morgan 's <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were getting very well together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think that some companies will only get into one of their strong dots or in the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to do -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid the things that are not safe ; they avoid fear , those elements in reality , and you actually get something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are you ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see that in Target also , it Wii , it 's Mini , <unk> , <unk> .
Now there are playful marks and brands , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is something quite powerful .
MS : A <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to raise your brand identity , your brand personality , what would be be ?
Are you a bottom up ? You 're somebody who does that blood flows ?
Or are you more like a top-down attribute ?
A little bit harder , reserved , conservative ?
The primary attributes are as being fresh to be cool as the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold , bold , bold , bold , profane , profane , profane , magic or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more about yield descending ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
Are you established , traditional , for provider , protective ? Do you say on Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , safe , sacred , contemplative , contemplative , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
Over the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies , bottom-up and descending companies , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end of the end .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how now they 're using the MRI centers to identify the centers of the desire in the brain as well for commercial marketing as for cinema .
We went to San Paulo , where advertising ads have banned .
In the entire city for the last five years , there 's no billboard , no posters , no posters , nothing .
And we went to school districts where businesses are getting place in schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects in which I 've had the biggest answer , or what I 've been more successful is the ones that I have interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
They went back to the intermediaries , they took off their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies have no better interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did you go ? They succeeded ?
Well , since the film was released at the Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to the film that was released in January , and since -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions , in the media for this film .
This covers only a period of two weeks and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's not online . It 's not in <unk> .
There 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has begun to win momentum .
And it 's not bad because almost all the agencies that we 're talking about is not going to be part of their customers .
I 've always believed that if you risk risk , if you take risks , that in those risks are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees in risk against risk is preparing their company to be <unk> .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take risk .
We need to encourage people to be afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , to go forward , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
It 's going to be the fear . Give me the risk .
From one <unk> at the time , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we need to harbor transparency .
Today , more than a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And said this , with honesty and transparency , all my talk `` <unk> the Transparency '' has been introduced by my good friends ' friends who bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents `` <unk> the Transparency . ''
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan Cohen : So , Morgan , in the name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars .
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check name of the TED company , the Sapling Foundation , a check for $ 1.10 to be applied to my care for the next year .
The idea behind the worm 's worm 's worm is really very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant of <unk> <unk> .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we 're able to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're from a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows on a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started researching about Stuxnet about six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that he knew is that it 's very , very complex in the Windows part , the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities in the <unk> .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That really struck us , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and we saw what was going on with this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet looked like a laboratory rat that he did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a run .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If no , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
We 'd better be able to get the goal soon .
So we pulled out and put the attack code , and we found that it was structured in two digital bombs : a small and big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally professionally professionally for people who obviously had the entire internal information .
We 're all going to get all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much it fits the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the <unk> of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the load is very complex .
It 's very much above all that we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old <unk> language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking for in the beginning were called to function functions , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we tried to deal with the real world , potential targets in the real world .
We need these theories about recipients that we can pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent white , and it 's probably located in Iran because it 's where most of the infections has been <unk> .
They do n't find several thousand targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant and the <unk> plant of <unk> .
So I told my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all experts in <unk> and power plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I went into an effort to marry their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate that little digital <unk> with rotor of rotor .
So rotor is that mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If you run the speed of this rotor , you can certainly do it , and you can even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an obvious effort to go back to the nest engineers , so they could n't solve this very quickly .
We 're trying to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very close to the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started to investigate scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured into what 's called a waterfall and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better even .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the code code ?
An identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had in between .
And there 's no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work .
They 're usually going back on dead ends , and we had to go back .
So still , we found out that both digital warheads were drawn to one and same objective , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall and doing the rotors and <unk> , and the large <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about what other targets are going to be tested .
So here I show you some really interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and there 's the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is to intercept the input input from sensors for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber is <unk> .
It 's cool ?
The idea here is obviously not just <unk> the operators in the fourth of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is <unk> a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , on a power plant , when the big steam turbine happens , you have to open escape valves in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can go bad things .
The plant can explode .
And the <unk> and the security system will notice it .
That scares us .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium .
It could work also , for example , on a power plant , or in a automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker -- to disseminate this payload with a USB key , as we saw in the Stuxnet case .
You could also use conventional technology from worms to make it .
Let 's make it as much as possible .
And if you made that , with what you 're doing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences and better than we begin to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been done in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah .
My view is that <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because , otherwise , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take it , and I 'll give you a <unk> skills , or another one that makes users of chairs and make them up and walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're nothing different from something that you put in the morning , gives you a huge force , which is also increasing its speed , and it helps him , for example , to handle balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and hook it up with the universe and other foreign birds .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we 're working on talking about the American soldier that , on average , it must take on their back a load of 45 pounds , and it 's getting even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help to handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton <unk> , I can carry 90 pounds on variables for many hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to put up to crawl and execute the motions with great agility .
I mean , what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then my strength increases and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the wheelchair users , which I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in wheelchair chairs around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , with damage to the column that when they start their life -- to the 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We 're also talking about the population that gets older than it 's rapidly multiply .
Her only option , many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been like this for the last 500 years , since its successful emergence , as I should recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter of mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> who 's using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago , had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result , could n't go back 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which I mentioned .
It has some sensors .
<unk> <unk> on crutches that send signals on board on board , here on the back .
There 's also a little bit of batteries that give the engines on their hips , and on the knees , and they make it go on with this soft and very natural , very natural .
AB : I was 24 years at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , skiing down it down down below the bottom .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all sense and all the pelvis movement down .
Shortly after , a doctor walked into my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole the last little bit of hope to the last day of hope .
<unk> technology since then , has allowed me to learn about <unk> costs in <unk> , climbing rocks and even riding on a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have technology , we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change life to future generations -- not just the soldiers , but Amanda , and all the chairs of chairs for wheels .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> Man festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with the chimps , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've done a lot of emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big , frightening guys , Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence still has n't been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> , the stage of a violent conflict that has been sustained for decades and caused almost as many deaths like the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction will also put in danger of the Bonobo survival .
The hunting of hunting meat and deforestation is made that you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos that you have in the world , and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden around the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as the apes , you know , not war , because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , as humans , love to play throughout their entire life .
Play is not just a child 's game .
For us , the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo 's game , you see the actual evolutionary roots of laughter , dance and human ritual .
The game is the glue that unites us .
I do n't know how you play you , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos just taken from the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo game game ; and I 'm not about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she is doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It 's got it in the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So the sex play is common as well as humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video 's really interesting , because it shows invention of bringing unusual elements in the game -- like <unk> and also how play requires confidence and promotes confidence -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can take lots of shapes , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is <unk> .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a lot of water .
I think , as she , we sometimes play alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And that 's the playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed is the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that the Bonobo gives us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future in which we have to adapt to a more difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , play is our <unk> <unk> .
To successfully adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get to the maximum way of play ?
The game is not <unk> .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it seems to play the least right at the time , they can be the moments in which the most urgent .
That 's why , primates , accept this gift of evolution and play together as we 're monitoring creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not battling poverty , <unk> fires like a captain 's assistant at a volunteer fire department .
And in our city , where volunteers can be a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a race to the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our homework was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that was certainly crossing one of the worst days of his life .
We were at full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer who had just arrived before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first up to the captain , and he asked him to go inside and would save the dog owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell people that I walked into a burning building to save a live living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to do that between the house .
I need to go up , hold the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I was hoping , but I was -- I went down the stairs , at the end of the hallway , country to the <unk> firemen , and that height , they had finished laying off the fire and entered the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog on the front door .
We got out of the house the treasures of the house where I was waiting for , his treasure got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the house owner 's owner to save his house .
Now , the kindness that she looked at was that somebody had reached even a pair of shoes .
Both in my vocation at Robin Hood , as in my vocation as a fireman as a volunteer a fireman , I 'm a witness to acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also the acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look in this room to people who have achieved , or they 're going to get remarkable , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it right now .
We 're eating food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So you 're going to play the game ; you get the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first particular blocks of concrete was built in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things larger than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at once .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , in 1947 it came up with this .
It was called automatic assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks came to all households .
It 's estimated that they 've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO did it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a <unk> world piled around each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started to develop <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about everything is that they connect by magnets .
So you ca n't fit wrong .
The bricks have a code of color .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the rose and the orange of the orange is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue blue with one green , and you can start making older circuits .
One blue with one green is produced light .
We can put a button in the middle , and so we have a regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
We added this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connecting and screw , <unk> allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make you faster or slower , you simply turn this button to make the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all of the interactions in the world to build bricks and build bricks .
So , sounds , sounds , solar panels , motors , everything must be accessible .
We 've given <unk> to the kids to see them playing with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a night light works , or why the door of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also brought back to the design schools .
So , for example , designers without any experience in electronics start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have a <unk> , creating ...
So a few weeks ago , we took <unk> to the Rhode Island School designers , who do n't have any experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that has done , an <unk> cannon cannon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> <unk> <unk> that 's afraid of darkness .
For these no engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be aware of all .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all of the design files and our responsibilities .
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is our .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar industry .
And my little company is to be involved with the environment focused on the environment .
distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to carry .
We can -- we can continue to get the video to one side .
No .
This is n't ...
All right .
Solar technology is ...
Oh , I 've been talking about time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
I launched a couple of years ago to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America to be like <unk> <unk> .
We had a few members of members every year and put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them to the wild city world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your job is to show the possibilities of current technology .
Think about it .
This is a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here it comes as if I would find a quote , but what you really look for is somebody 's going to clean up when you 're trapped by the snow , because you know it 's not very good by turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did he ask for help in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment a lot last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right on front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application where you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean up when it snows .
When you do that , you put a name in this case he put him up .
If you do n't , somebody can get them .
So it has a play component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications that was programmed last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government can do .
It spreads viral .
A responsible responsible system for the city of Honolulu City to see this application realized that I could use it , not for the snow , but for the citizens to be honored by the tsunami .
It 's very important that they work for these tsunami moments , but people steals the batteries .
That 's why the citizens will control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens feel blindfolded .
And Chicago just got it out to make people shut down to clean sidewalks when it snows .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has spread <unk> , organically and natural .
If you know a bit of government technology you will know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of the software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for the parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that the normal channels would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the criminal justice power that far cost 2,000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this on every level of government .
So an app that you show in a couple of days , and it spreads viral is a kind of shot of warning to the institution of government .
It suggests the government best ways to work , not as in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Nor like a tech company , but rather like the Internet itself .
I mean , without constraints , in an open and generative way .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the government issue that has the new generation , not as a problem of an institution of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost .
And it 's that if we stop the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that put us crazy , the government is essentially in words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to make it <unk> , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; government .
And because the government ultimately produced from us -- remember that `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way that change .
I did n't know a lot about government when I started with this .
And as many people thought the government was to choose people to take the charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , of <unk> .
This is the center of telephone care and information .
It 's the place that 's driving the calls if you make 311 311 into the U.S .
Scott answered this call .
I joined `` <unk> '' at the base of official knowledge .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And he finally said , `` Hey , you can open the door out of the house , put music good and see if it 's going ? ''
And it worked . So he 's okay by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It 's got an app , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
We do n't get that application .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New York Hall of Boston .
One day , this really happened , this asked , `` <unk> in my bucket . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I get out of it ? ''
The dynamic <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking about .
In <unk> <unk> , so you all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report , he said , `` I approached the bucket behind the house behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government income to distributed volunteer collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of the platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another one , but the government had a key role .
It connected to two people .
And it could be connected with government services to be needed , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When a neighbor helps each other , we went through the communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing that we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think one is the input of the other .
That our entry to the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen to a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfy our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> layer .
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt of what keeps us that we 've funded as something that is operating on our against , that other thing , and therefore we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make bureaucracy be sensual .
Because it 's where the real government is happening .
We have to collaborate with the government machinery .
That 's the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed <unk> report from 325 pages into response to the order of <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism ; it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we have resigned in front of the government , it 's time to ask ask what world we want to leave with our children .
You have to look at the enormous challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to get to where we need to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't do governance , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root our government function so that it can expand to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act , it 's only to articulate the systems in the right way .
The age of age of our members is 28 , so reluctantly , so reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk ; everyone 's going to talk .
You can express your opinions at any channel at the same time and do it .
So when the government 's problem is , they do n't really care so much to do your voices .
They 're using the hands .
They bring hands to the work to program applications that make the government better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taken out weeds and dumping a bucket of trash that has a <unk> inside .
Since then , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do .
But these applications are as a digital divide of not only consumers , not only consumers of government we pay taxes and we get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix government until not <unk> citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , we 're going to be a crowd of voices , or also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in marginalized communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching , hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are telling you here have impact all over the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is really important .
So here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach themselves , they can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't actually learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned that from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a African-American family , dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in all discussion in the family .
She pasted many of the <unk> in our home .
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia , about 1840 .
She was born over 1880 and his experience with slavery the way I saw the world .
She was hard , but he was also <unk> .
When I was a little girl , and I looked at it , she was approaching me , and I was a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then leave me off .
One or two hours later , I went back to look at him , and he was approaching me , and I was like , `` Do n't you feel my hug ? ''
And if I told him no , I hold it back , and if I said yes , I left peace .
I had this human quality that would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is that he had 10 children .
My mother was the lower 10 .
Sometimes , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture your time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , and I went to the room and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and stares at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
So he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 , 20 minutes , she got up , I went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` You see <unk> . We 're both going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out , and he said , `` Oh , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're going to make it <unk> . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said , `` I just want you to take me three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to argue that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , so I will . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to do the right thing , but the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , whoa . So I 'll do it . ''
Then finally he said , `` The third thing I want you to argue about is that you never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , so I will . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural . I have a brother one year old and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six set of six beers , I do n't know where he got it , grabbed me to my sister and I and went to the forest .
We 're just doing the crazy <unk> .
He took a sip of beer , offered to my sister , she took a little and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . All right . You follow , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today 's <unk> .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I do n't feel good . You can go on . ''
And then my brother looked at me .
and he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
I went back in with it , and I went on , `` Ah , not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells you all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I got broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that you probably should n't say .
I know this is widely spread .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this thinking it 's a virtue ; I say that for the power that identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that they really do n't see any sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that you ca n't do .
I think my grandmother was naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of alcohol related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to that , we had to engage them .
Now , I 'm going to try and talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different than what was 40 years ago .
There were 300,000 in 1972 .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the highest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or color , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of each other black between 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In urban <unk> throughout the country , L.A. , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all the young women are in jail or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth is wealth .
And it looks like we feel very reassured .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems .
We 're disconnected .
It seems interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work some large-scale developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you care about rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population have lost the right to vote .
And if we shown it over the next 10 years the loss of the loss of rights to be as high as it was before the law of the law of the law .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent children .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was sentence from 13 to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , no possibility to get out .
Now we are in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty issue is interesting .
Now , in a certain sense , they 've been asked to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way , about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crime crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine people who are executed , it has identified one that 's innocent , which is <unk> and released from the death row .
A mistake of error , amazing , innocent one in nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would n't allow us to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , one would have been crashing .
But we kind of cut out the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , which lasted for the Second World War .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was sort of defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror of terror was what defined their lives .
Now there are older people who get closer to me and they say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 'll tell talks , makes speeches about talks . Let 's tell people to stop saying that in our deal with the first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . <unk> that we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation , and decades of fighting racial and separation .
In this country we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We continuously create tensions and conflict .
It costs us work to talk about races , and I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage it with a real and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that we could n't overcome segregation with no commitment to truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the professors stood after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's good worrying to listen to what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We 'll never be able to get it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that we have our story , we can never get into the systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we would put people to execute . ''
Let 's take it on this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , would execute people , especially if they were in their vast majority of Jews ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we do n't really care about these issues so hard , the positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It 's <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are bound by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both .
We talk about the need to have more hope , more commitment , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones who never come to TED .
So thinking about them is , in some ways , something that 's inside our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being rational , so committed to the intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , it 's not just the brain ideas .
These things come from ignorance as well by convictions in the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just how bright and dazzling , but also the dark and the hard .
Dan <unk> , the great Czech leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe , we wanted to find all sorts of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , guidance for spirit , a will for being in places of despair and to be witnessed . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much at the heart of what I think , that still in communities as TED , has to engage them .
There is no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to truly be human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now , I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we are ignoring these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were just met to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to tell me , `` Oh , let 's get the Parks lady . We 're going to bring us to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Oh lady . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I answered , `` <unk> . ''
So I went and I just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , and I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks led to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to finish the sentences of life , without freedom parole for the children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in jails .
We 're trying to end up with massive logging . ''
I gave all my best speech , and at the end of me , he looked at me and said , `` Hmm , hmm . ''
And he added , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> went leaned down , he put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more nuanced .
We need to find a way to address those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion by others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been trained in simple things .
I have come to understand and believe that each of us is higher than the worst we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if someone kills another one , it 's not a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by the law .
I also think that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very exhilarating , not to judge us by our technology , for our designs , not for our intellectual or rational capacity .
At the end , the character of a society is predicted by the way that they treat rich and powerful and privileged , but by the way they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we started to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
I 'm going to end up with a story . I 'm going to end up with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my practice in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of the toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14 years , who have been <unk> for them as adults .
And I start to think , how can it be ?
How can a judge turning someone in what 's not ?
The judge <unk> as an adult , but I see a child .
One night , I was late , thinking -- God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , you must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As it was too late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old client , a little poor , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for me that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a privileged privileged white , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I had that there have been robotic behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
In the next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
For my horror , not only had it <unk> , it had been sent to court .
It was about two months , I had already forgotten .
And I finally decided -- God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt truly overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally got off the car , I walked to court .
I was going up the stairs when I found myself with a big black man , and he was the courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached myself and hugged me .
And I whispered to the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected with my inside , with my identity with the ability we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I walked into audiences .
When I get into , the judge saw me .
and he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold dream ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. went . '' And we started discussing .
People started coming . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
You get the police prosecutors , the auxiliary ones .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people -- everybody furious because we talk about race , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I was able to see how I was going and came .
He would look out the window and you 'll hear the whole thing .
I just walk over here and there .
Finally , this old black , with the face of concern , entered the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant showed up , because the superintendent had entered the room .
The assistant ran over the old black black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audiences room ? ''
And the old black girl stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went to this room in front of audiences to tell this young man to keep his view on the target of <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big , but it folds towards justice .
That we ca n't really be a truly human <unk> if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to others .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , to those of us who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view on the objective of a lot .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes of doing something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities close to it .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> of this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to get the funding that you spend today on punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars worth of death row in the next five years . A billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of murder cases do n't <unk> at arrests .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds to make the law , to the security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity to do .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's said to have to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say that is that ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate of crime has remained relatively stable .
The big mass growth in this country is not for crimes of violence .
It 's because of the wrong War on Drugs .
That 's why it arises this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to lifespan , to rob a bicycle , for small crimes against property , rather than making those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've been very excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for coming to TED . Thank you .
Announcer : They grow the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> 3 : The police throw gas . spray .
Announcer 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> 5 : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer 6 : <unk> social . Announcer 7 : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> from tsunami . <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War to drug , massive , <unk> .
Two . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months , and <unk> could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the press media would prefer <unk> news , because our minds are paying for attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses get a lot more data than the brain can be processing .
And as nothing matters to us , the first stop of all of this data is an ancient excerpt from the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make harm .
That 's why a <unk> stories of stories looked at the negative .
That old press saying , `` If there 's blood , you sell , '' it 's very true .
And because of all digital devices give us negative news , seven hours a day , 24 hours a day , no wonder that 's pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world is going to be wrong .
But it 's probably not .
Maybe , instead , what happens is we got <unk> .
Perhaps the huge progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , species extinction , water scarcity , water scarcity ; we certainly have .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems , and at the long time we just ended up with them .
Let 's take then what happened in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita for inflation has tripled around the world .
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of transportation , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we 're living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles II that the global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget .
And we keep putting ourselves higher and higher .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , most of the people who live under the poverty line has electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , cell phones , air conditioning and cars .
<unk> <unk> from the rubber rubber rubber , would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of technology , and lately , the exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we 've got in technology 's technology technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of price over 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the 1970s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to watch two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in the war and peace , in recession , in depression .
It 's the speed of fast computers used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though he 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up , it goes up .
The growth rate of technology is for itself faster and faster .
And on this curve , to Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , the 3D printing and the ability of the ability to democratize personalized production across the planet , the synthetic biology , the vaccines and vaccines , the digital medicine , replace them and A.I . .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on `` Jeopardy '' of Watson , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I googled the paper the best headline I would have .
And I loved this one , `` Watson beat human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game .
He plays the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to all on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach them these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year , we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people today .
Thirty years ago , that would have been absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> companies today .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean creating fancy life for every single planet on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the mid-'80s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited off the king of <unk> .
Napoleon 's troops has covered with covered in silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it 's worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Republic is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the mass of the Earth , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tethered to oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made of the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
So we 've got this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to Earth 16 <unk> every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but access .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the computer-generated shot : We 're rupees for 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the late decade , in the U.S. <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents a <unk> per hour compared to 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
Do you remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft spacecraft , 1990 , after the country is Saturn ?
It 's a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent ice is ice , and we fought for half percent of the water on the planet , but there is a hope here .
It 's a technology available for 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology . It goes around .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do that -- your technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any saltwater source , polluted water , a <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
The president of Coca-Cola has just thought that I 'll make a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out , and I have full confidence in which that will be , Coca-Cola will implement it in <unk> countries .
This is an <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
Oh my God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior have better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than 25 years ago .
And to tell with a smartphone with Google , they have access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid for tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars of <unk> , HD video , images , libraries of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> now and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best comes to it when it comes into health applications .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X X <unk> <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to make these technologies on a mobile device with which they speak , and because it has A.I . , they can coughing up blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical equipment .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there 's no doctors , where the charge of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of the health workers .
When this device we had a RNA virus , or DNA virus that does n't happen , call the health health and , in the first place , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it the billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We 've just spent the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against the population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll spend two billion to five billion users of the Internet .
Three billion minds have never heard before the global conversation .
What will these people want ?
What could they have ? What would you have ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the most economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of trillion dollars of dollars in the global economy .
And <unk> of more health thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of impressions , and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide about three billion more members of humanity , healthy educated and productive ?
What about voices ever before ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard , can be heard for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
What if they 're an contributions we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X prize is that small teams , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously able to do the big corporations and the governments .
I 'm going to end by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at Washington University in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's something very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They have played with this with college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joining in and started playing .
And it 's been shown that today , the human patterns recognition machinery is better folding protein than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me tremendous confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the innovative <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion new minds that we 've been asked to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
It 's the <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to do time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , to 1835 .
You may think that I got on finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick fish .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was pure .
It was very much caught up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is at the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special about it .
But the case is , we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> still say they 're still intact .
So what 's going on here ?
The second story also illustrates a concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 , in 1971 , in 1971 , in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could get it .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exposure to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , and , as you can see , from a mangroves .
He had <unk> about 20 inches , <unk> 's <unk> .
And the fishery 's fishing was very abundant , and it was going on for a good moment , so it was earning more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish had gone down to half .
I 'll take you down to five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There was still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of bottom line in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe doing a lot of development projects .
Now , fishing development was to impose the countries that had 100,000 fishermen have been able to do , including industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , called <unk> 4 .
I went out to fishing in it , and we did studies in southern China 's Sea <unk> and , above all , in the Java of Java .
And what we 've seen there was something <unk> .
<unk> , right now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are at the bottom .
And most of the fish are tiny spots on some remains , remains that are the fish of coral reef fish .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then it was cast .
These images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then you start commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead tortoise .
They did n't eat it . They took them down because they were dead .
We once captured a alive living .
He still was n't <unk> .
Then they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains , is what fishermen are collected every time they go to an area where they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
We 'll get the starting point , to the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you look at this , something like that .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , many of the whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with naturally .
Each generation will use the images to use the beginning of your conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the string of changes .
And at the end of keeping some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem is affecting people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done until some generations later .
Because , obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before we go extinct , is unusual .
You do n't lose these abundant animals .
You lose different animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on the big animals , and in a sea for big fish .
They become rare because we take them down .
Over time there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that was very different .
And they 'll do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect that to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some present , as a captain , as a captain , and such a lot of fish in this area can not be used or , usually , use the fish scientists , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , although we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
Hence the huge role that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
It 's going to look at the past that people ca n't conceive , because the starting point is run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area and can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do that because they do n't have access , like the people in the West , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema maybe you can fill out the vacuum .
This is a Bay Area .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think why people moved on with the movie -- and I 'm going to talk about the history of <unk> why they do it with images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one to give , is Cameron , to do `` Avatar '' under the water .
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube card manager , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today we 'll see why the videos are making viral and what importance of that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper in a part of our world 's culture .
It can be made famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube for a minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage gets viral , gets infinite from visitors and wins cultural <unk> .
How does that happen ?
Three things : creators , communities of participation and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video outside of his house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the popular rise of the past summer .
<unk> did n't write a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published lots of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy <unk> .
Jimmy <unk> posted this tweet that we send to the popular video .
The creators like Jimmy <unk> are present to us new and interesting things and <unk> them into a wider public .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday , on Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . You all want to start on Friday . You 're all willing to get on Friday . You just want a weekend . You 'd just think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' of Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos in the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` <unk> rainbow , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this Friday in particular ?
Well , he took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , of <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a maker of trends embrace a point of view and share it with a larger public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this great inner joke , and then he starts talking about it and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> of `` <unk> '' on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way 20th century , this community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is an repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours version that has been seen for four million times .
Up until the cats saw this video .
And there 's cats that saw other cats see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then it became international .
Suddenly we came up with a whole community of remixes that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form .
Because we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` rainbow rainbow '' or Rebecca Black or `` Cat Cat '' ?
What script would it have been written to do that ?
In a world where you go up two video days per minute , only that really only and unexpected , can be able to figure out how these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a kind that we would protest against cyclists in New York City , I 'll admit I was n't very interested .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket by not circular for the <unk> , but there are often obstacles that prevent you under <unk> by <unk> .
KA : Thank you to surprise and his humor , Casey <unk> had to be five million and understand her idea .
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do anyway .
And all this leads to a great question ...
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines the popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the current celebrities of the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owner of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , but they 're just the media today , but we will monitor the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a lifetime .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose whole life had been supported in the only single unit of unity and freedom of his country .
<unk> in the communist , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , so long , so long , they were making fun .
They were amazed at the silence .
He died broke through history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My job was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is on a boat at dawn , quietly quietly at the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life had been destined for a task : the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a <unk> <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea dressed of fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
The greatest fear was the pirates , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother carried a little bit of poison with poison .
If we could catch up , we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the <unk> diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates who came several times , but they were fooled by the courage of men on our boat , or the engine dying and not to cut for six hours .
But I know the lights of the oil platform in front of the east coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , end the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given for the men on the platform .
No apple ever had the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the suburbs of middle-class class , whose existence was no idea of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the <unk> of English <unk> were traded among people who had a common thing : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then in a car assembly line , working six days , double turn .
Yet I found time to study English and get a degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
All of the dollars were assigned , and I established an extra mentoring in English and math , would n't matter what it should be removed , which is usually new clothing ; it was always a second hand .
Two pairs of shoes for the school , one to hide the holes of the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were rare <unk> and <unk> about the <unk> eyes , and some graffiti : `` Asians , go home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me will be completed .
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> it . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was drinking every night , but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother 's movement at home .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be wakes up until his nightmares began to be able to be able to be able to get it .
She opened a computer shop , and then I studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what it took from myself .
On the other , I was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But a lot of them got help over the years .
And for that job , when I was studying my last year of lawyer , I chose the Australian young Australian year .
And I was <unk> from a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
So I read , resident anonymously , was now as well as I read , refugee and activist activist , invited to talk about sites that I had never heard , and in houses whose existence , she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use it .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we climb up the boat .
`` No '' never was an option .
`` Do you , '' he said , `` and do n't you be what you do n't . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the trees .
And the more frankly speaking , the more I was <unk> to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And although I ended up my bachelor 's degree , I realized I could n't stay in a career of law .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's a stranger , a single one , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that I will be grateful , maybe a gift of the boat .
Because being inside can easily mean measuring horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is out , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that they would n't have been <unk> were extremely tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mixture of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
And so , let 's get a small group of people for the slogan `` ca n't do it '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , he made a giant soup pot that we shared .
They 're going to get the night at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we opened up step .
I took the decision to move to the U.S .
after a single journey .
My gut again .
Three months later I had moved , and adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time where the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had not changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew alone .
At the age of 17 , he became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
With no support of her husband , he caused an uproar to the <unk> and bring the cause herself , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
He ca n't have proven to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the hotel room in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked across the <unk> of the shower , and I saw it stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to say goodbye .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell them stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
A monk came and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand warm , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who have reached our lives would be frustrated .
The defeat would easily have <unk> .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who could want that to know ?
However , I fear the privilege of the easy , the right .
Can I give you a <unk> in your life , to become courageous in each wave , the constant pace of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it to you and see them safely , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother 's mother is today , in the fourth or fifth line .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi Sufi singer Ali .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed from the old Indian epic epic .
In those days when Indians do , we wanted to travel to a cart and drop the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the Great warrior , an Indian warrior , had thirst , pulled out a bow and with a <unk> on the ground , got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we had was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And that 's a lot of it .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was reminded of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if he had no camera , if I could n't help my friends .
It seemed like technology had to allow the magic , not kill her .
When I was a little girl , my grandfather gave me her <unk> <unk> .
And this <unk> technology was for my most magical thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras can prevent it .
We 'll be inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched myself , I threw this technological world to see how to use magic , instead of killing her .
<unk> books from the 16 years .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a <unk> device that can connect readers of the entire world .
You can know how we took the book .
Where are we .
Let 's put the text with the image , animation and sound and touch .
The storytelling becomes more and more <unk> .
But what does that do ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so he says , `` This box belongs to -- '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
In several times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live through GPS -- that comes led to me .
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , and that childhood magic , to those ideas that kids ' children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always became exciting .
So here , we have to shift the iPad to release fireflies .
And actually , they light your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated with a little girl was a whole <unk> galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book and every world becomes a little bit of a <unk> that I drag into this magic device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In all fantasy books , there have always been static maps , but being static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide for the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another extremely important thing to me is to create Indian content and contemporary content .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside of India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old , wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary children .
In a story that deals today today as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up , attached to their PCs , they have n't gone to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can get our kids to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this journey that you have to go out the outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect pictures of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks and pebbles and shells and shells .
For some reason why kids do n't .
So in order to recover this childhood , we have to go out and , in a chapter , a picture of a flower to a flower and then <unk> .
On the other chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then stop .
So it 's created a computer collection of photos that then can be put on the Web .
A boy in London put a picture of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey today . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Inside the variants between the magic , the Earth and the technology is many possibilities .
In the next book , we have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that come up with the plants inside the house .
And at a moment , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the wind of the wind and <unk> in order to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where nature 's forces <unk> with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
It took the energy from the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and love love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at the University of <unk> was a <unk> of the listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients , family and known , what happens ? ''
`` How can we help ? ''
And we tend to think , that this is one of the biggest problems that all of us , or not all , but most of the <unk> projects fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
He 's got a doorknob and off .
Every morning I get through .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect it , it sends my information to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time when it needs attendance assistance or any urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi scale , and before I go up to my car , people start telling me : <unk> , I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure on the base pairs , the used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for the patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can lead to the people of their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people can be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , give them their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they 're going to recover the control and will be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing shot of attention costs , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we 've done to share with you with a video .
We all have checks on cars .
Maybe we even have them on our phones .
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in <unk> .
And also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
So what we did was we 've done crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked to the audience that : If you see a <unk> , please <unk> , where , and when it 's open , since I sometimes open it at the office and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> , they were introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the application for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an app for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and someone collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use their cell phone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as a <unk> .
And we want to do it globally .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
I also would invite companies around the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
You could be <unk> services , or mobile guys , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in their place .
Please help us on this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share 'my photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in the photograph was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my first passion , but it was a little bit different because I used the camera , I was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when the trigger is made .
For me , photography had more than to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that started to press the trigger .
Pictures like this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it holds a level of realism .
Or pictures like this dark and colorful , colorful , colorful , but with the common goal of keeping realism level .
And when I say realism I 'm looking at <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something I can do , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
Here 's why you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with catching an idea that we have to capture a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes them seem real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
<unk> the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes illusion is perspective .
But ultimately , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality , and we put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here we have three perfectly unlikely objects , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a certain way you can create something that still looks three-dimensional -- as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know that it does n't exist .
So let 's get the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it really does n't make sense .
And I see the same process as we combine the photographs .
It actually has to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like , I think it 's those ones that we do n't even think of -- the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to think , because otherwise something else will look wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to get realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , pictures combined must have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements ; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with a perfect joint .
It 's got to be impossible to see where the image is attached .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is totally composed of photographs of different places .
I think in the staff , I think it 's easier to create a place that 's going to find it , because you do n't need to put the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in winter I knew that I had several months for <unk> , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made red the house on the top of the island so that it looks more glamorous .
So to get a realistic result , I think it 's missing planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of the local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other people we tend to see , is sort of a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , each step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
So I 'm going to talk about technology with <unk> curves that is new .
Here 's something weird here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please light the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if I draw it on a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or a unit of time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to draw with , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like that .
It does n't say much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens like this , it gives a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation will be as fast as the microprocessors , last morning we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't move on at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , which is <unk> growth that every few years advance of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let 's get one of two things .
Or you 're going to turn into a typical curve , and I know something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we 're going to be in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we 're in a transition from what used to be the world in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask , is that , what is that new way that embraces the world ?
What new state is going on ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember as a child , in 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think you should feel something is happening .
And we can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years , because it 's all going to be so different than extrapolate , what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how that transition might be that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have much to do with technology and computing .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , we go back about two billion years when the Earth was a big rock rock with a lot of chemicals that would spread around them .
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that time , I had floating around with these oil pits with all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those droplets of oil ran a particular combination of chemicals that they made materials from the outside , and then drops grew up grew up .
And they started split .
And in a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those little oil suits .
But those drops were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe for chemicals .
And every time they have divided into the unequal distribution of the chemicals that were held .
So every single droplet was a little bit different .
In fact , drops that in some ways being better at the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals ; they grew more , more chemicals and divide more chemicals .
Most of them lived more time , more represented .
It was a form of life , the chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things got interesting when these drops learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't understand very well , these droplets learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 : white dust that I try to hide people 's security people .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the common letters that we usually use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this little bit of DNA , and it would take it 10 to the 22 times .
So if someone wants to take 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of for everyone here ; in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus and would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
It made these cells happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and that these cells started to exchange and communicate information , forming information communities .
I do n't know if you know it , but the bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin in the way of penicillin , and it 's <unk> to create their tiny DNA with other bacteria , and now there are many resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
This communication led to that they would form communities that would be formed in a way , and they were set up with a synergy .
So they would survive or failed together , or whether a community was very successful , all the individuals of that community were shot more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came together so much that , in fact , they came together and they decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage that 's interesting for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that are no longer acting alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and have more interesting levels than the cell phone , something that we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And they started pouring information together .
and building very special structures that did n't make more than process information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the appliances that process the information that those cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being responsible for registration , to understand and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , one organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit , because he knew bad at the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had been built these information processing structures that we 've learned over hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built these information structures , accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in time to learn .
But then of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in your head .
I 'm here sitting next , and I 'm just sitting there , and hopefully , building a similar , vague and fuzzy idea , in your head that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we make it into sound , and we make something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to run abstractions .
We now go through the same time , similar to the multicellular organisms ; we 're using our record methods , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video of video , the CD-ROM , and so on , are the specialized mechanisms that we now built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the scales of time again .
The first stages of the story that told them to take a billion years each .
The next few stages , the nervous system and the brain , took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , the language so , they took less than a million years .
And the next few , like the electronics , it seems to take only a few decades .
The process is fed into it , I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this curve of the curve .
We see that the process is fed into it .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that we were working on to design them would n't be possible without recent science advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design it in a conventional way .
I do n't know that every transistor in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about a level of abstraction , we put it in the machine and the machine that does something that does n't happen before , it gets far closer and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes we have a methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And , for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random random sequence .
We say , `` Please , please , can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions ?
Could you run these instructions from random instructions , running all of those programs , and take those things that you want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
Let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we find the programs that are closer to order to tell numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did it .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that did the job better ?
They 're going to get those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to get the ones that best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to them , following an analog recombination process to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , which is that we have children , which are <unk> <unk> , and that children will take the properties of both programs .
So we get a new generation of product programs that had a bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please , repeat the process . ''
Let 's go back .
We had some mutations .
And it 's about again and it 's about another generation .
Well , each generation takes a few milliseconds .
So , I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that are completely perfect .
In fact , they 're a lot more efficient than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they do n't know that .
In fact , I know , I have the safety that you get the goal , because they come from a hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
Once you go into a 747 with Facebook , and you get out a card and you say , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has got hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer a safe flight . '' Do n't make you feel quiet ?
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produce .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so that we can run these programs much faster .
So it 's <unk> .
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies are fed back .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We 're the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we are creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant in our mind to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of creating whatever comes .
But now comes the lunch , and I think stop here before I get myself .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've spent enough time enough to let me give you some of my false prestige .
Before I 'm dealing with the theme of my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , the World Series coming .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go `` <unk> the rules '' -- talk about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you are familiar with .
It 's called <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , a <unk> <unk> .
That means that the bat would effectively , three of 10 times .
That means to launch the ball to the game field without being caught , and anyone who tries to throw it out to the first base , do n't get to time , and the second base will be <unk> .
Three attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> ?
Well , really good , perhaps the team of the stars .
You know what they call a baseball game ?
By the way , that 's someone that 's 10 strokes , they hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last Ted Williams , the last Major League player of <unk> on a regular season on a regular season .
Now I 'm looking at this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'm going to tell you today .
Suppose they have appendicitis , and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a dear to have two clogged coronary arteries and his family physician is derived from a cardiologist that record in <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's actually getting better this year .
And your hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you believe that you should be the average of the hits of a heart or prosthetic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , good .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , however , is to send them into the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
Which never , ever made a mistake , and try to figure out how to do it well .
And that was the message that I had when I was in medical school .
I was an obsessional obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Sachs was studied until a blood test .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses at the General hospital in Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching out of every artery that comes out of your aorta , the frequent differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis of how to classify the kidney <unk> .
And as much as we get more and more knowledge .
And I went very well ; I graduated with honor .
And it 's <unk> from medicine with the impression that if you were to get everything , then it would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because I 'm going to get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the <unk> lady .
I was a resident in a college hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady in the emergency lady where I was working on .
At the time , I was assigned to cardiology .
And when the emergency room requested to consult a cardiologist , I was going to get to that patient .
And reporting to the head of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , I was <unk> .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when it was <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which is indicating me with congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , they 're filled with blood , and therefore there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on treatment .
I gave aspirin and medication to relieve the pressure on your heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And within an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake , he sent her home .
Actually , I made two more errors .
He sent her home without talking to the head of residents .
I did n't up the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , that I was calling my boss and <unk> with him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring things together .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident in which I 'm going to get a steady attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When he sent her home , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my inside that he said , `` Sachs , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure that I asked the nurse who was taking care of the lady , <unk> , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed the high , and the ambulance together with the ambulance left her home .
And I went back to the hospital hall .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad <unk> in the stomach .
But I kept on my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that point , I did something I do n't normally do .
I spent the emergency emergency service service .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady in my wife , but another one . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid .
Other specialists , they fear also , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the <unk> patients .
The three words are : Do you remember ?
`` Do you remember about the patient who sent her home ? ''
I asked the other <unk> nurse .
`` Well she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
In an hour of having come to his house , after I gave her the high , he suffered from a high school , and her family called 911 ; the ambulance were brought in the emergency room with a <unk> blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I was just breathing and blue .
The emergency staff will go through all of their resources .
They gave them medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was <unk> and driven to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because then the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was waiting for all the hope to recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that I never had .
It had irreversible damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 're going to become what was happening .
And to the ninth day , he left it . The lady , <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those dying .
That was my first experience .
So the next few weeks , I 'd get myself excited about it , and I experienced for the first time the embarrassment of shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't deal with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is that it makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was an <unk> .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I was going to do things and made sure that I do n't care about .
And I kept getting those questions out .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And at my worst times , why did I make a mistake that was so silly ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Gradually , that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And in a day cloudy , the sky opened the sky and finally came out the sun . And I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if we were to raise the efforts to be perfect for no more mistakes , it would stop those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But it came back .
Two years later , I was assistant in the emergency department in a community in Northern Toronto in Northern Toronto , and I got a <unk> man with a pain on his throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he pointed out here .
I watched his throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He would give him penicillin and sent him home .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing .
Two days later , when I came to do my guard shift , my chief asked to talk to me holding in his office .
And I gave the three words : Do you remember ?
Remember the patient who saw the pain ?
Well he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had potentially a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , it 's the top air , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
It 's managed by antibiotics by <unk> and recovered at the few days .
And I went through the same period of embarrassment and <unk> , and then she was relieved and went back to work , until it happened again and again and again .
Twice in the same act of emergency emergency , they do n't get appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're going to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking the patient had a certain sensibility in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to look at my colleague .
I reviewed it , and when you notice a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
They were both operated in surgery and they recovered well .
But each case <unk> me , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been for the last five years .
Just embarrassed and no support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't get it off and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> who tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show you this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I fit in now to a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a <unk> party , you 'll hear about other doctors ' errors , but you wo n't hear someone talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital <unk> the wrong leg , believe me that I would have difficulty looking at it in the eyes .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and not , which you ca n't sleep , and those who do n't sleep , and those who have a real bad results and they have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that start attacking that person .
We have the idea that if we step from medicine to people who make mistakes , we 'll get a safe system .
But that brings them two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of bad medical care and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote for the Star School , to my program , `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes are happening every day , where one of every 10 medications that one of 10 drugs are going wrong , or <unk> , is n't right , in a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , they die by 24,000 Canadian <unk> of preventable medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medicine Institute was established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not <unk> the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is multiply every two or three years , and we did n't get rid of them .
<unk> sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a pain on the chest , and it comes from <unk> with <unk> eyes and with breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things like it .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't make their symptoms always the same way .
All of this , the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as they taught us , and we eliminate all the professional professionals to be wrong , good , no one left .
And about it that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white , white art , '' it 's a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake , '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance to the head of heart surgery , `` this is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , blah -- `` What are your mistakes ? '' And they would get the
And his students would be shocked , <unk> , to go down the head and get saliva and started telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> to be able to say , `` Look , they do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know human , accepts , accepts , and it 's not being proud of their mistakes , but he 's trying to learn from what happened to teach others .
Share their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catch , but a loving way and support for everybody to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes in time .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm an redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , I 'm a human .
And I 'm sorry , but I strive to learn something that can transmit to others .
I do n't know what to think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey recently recently , and the average amount of choice that says to pick up an average American , are about 70 a day .
Not a lot , in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of <unk> by these executives and time that they 're going to make decisions about those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , each work included lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required one hour or more of their time .
Now think about your choices .
You know how many people belong to the category of nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do they get the way to address those decisions ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing to the overload of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , like I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please .
And now my first question of the day : You 're ready to hear the problem of the overload of choices ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , we had this very high level at least in that time it was very sophisticated .
His name was <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were been 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when you took water off the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never buy anything ?
This is a shelf of olive oil .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I decided to visit the manager and asked him , `` Does this strategy that we offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists who came up every day , usually with their cameras .
So , we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hall .
They had different kinds of different kinds .
They put a post to <unk> , right at the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or 24 , different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what did people be willing to stop trying to test ?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to be able to buy a cautionary jar .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy assistance .
From the one you stopped when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought to conserve .
If we do the calculations , people have six times more probability of buying out if they were six , if they were six .
Well , you decide that we ca n't buy someday , you know , we 're less good to conserve <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the overload of choices is affecting us with a very momentous decision .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not about us .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at the savings decisions for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans of this country .
We were interested in seeing whether the number of funding offers available for retirement savings plans , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that I know there was a correlation .
We had plans for two plans to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger it was the number of funding funding , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that they offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as it would like .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation is down to the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger it was the number of choices , more people will be reluctant to avoid stocks or investment funds .
In terms of the more options , they were more willing to invest in financial financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would argue to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is to make the decision , that <unk> even when this goes against self-interest .
They are more likely to make the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , although objectively they objectively it better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that gigantic variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and blogging , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose that amazing exhibition .
Today , I want to with you with four simple techniques that we have tried , in a way or another , in different research , so that you can test in their business .
The first one is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , less than that .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of some strange redundant options , there will be a sales increase in sales , you get costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of <unk> and <unk> to 15 , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Golden Gate corporation ruled out the products of cats that are less sold , they increased profit by 87 percent , for two causes : increased sales and lower costs .
Today , you know that supermarkets today are offering 45,000 products .
In a store of Walmart , there 's a 100,000 products .
But the largest store in the world today is <unk> and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce sauce .
In the world of financial savings , I think that one of the best examples that have arisen on how to manage better choice is a <unk> David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All the Harvard employees have automatically come to a certain end of life insurance .
The people who really want to pick , offer 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , they ca n't make their customers . ''
This afternoon , before we started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a vacation with all paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read , and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( few applause ) Anyone who 's ready to accept supply .
Are n't they ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second round , but I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more real .
Because the images made it more real .
This leads me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences have to feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why is people spend 15 percent to 30 percent more on average when they use debit card or credit card , which when they use effective ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that making it more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> , who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were being trained to a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we 're going to take exactly the way we used , we made a little addition .
So what we added was that we appeal to the staff to think of the positive things that they would put in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a rise in 20 percent and an increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study we did in a hallway of magazines .
We saw that in supermarkets , I saw that in the grocery row of the northeast row , the magazines of magazines can contain from 331 different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because rating tells me how to do it .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> , '' and the other one , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , <unk> .
( few applause ) Okay , there 's some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , <unk> .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This rating scheme is completely useless .
The categories have to indicate something to you choose , not when you define it .
You often see this problem with these huge funds .
Who are they informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think about , if you just reimagine it a little bit .
We have to increase the complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated rather complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German car manufacturer that allows them completely completely completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that are offering each one .
<unk> , the outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor engine , of four choices .
What I 'm going to do is change the order where decisions come out .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , at 56 colors , many options .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you .
If you have a default <unk> button , this indicates that they 're overwhelmed , or that 's what we 're missing .
We found that the ones that go from many options to few , put the button over and over again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , you go on there .
The same information , same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order that information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to pick .
Even though the choice of the changes box do n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , in all ways you make it to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
To sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice : <unk> , to eliminate strange alternatives ; we 're going to try it out , make it real , we can handle more categories with less choices ; we can handle complexity .
All these techniques I 've been presented with were designed to help us manage alternatives , or better , for you , to use them on your issues , or for people who serve .
I think that the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful to pick up .
And the more careful that we are in our choices , we 'll be able to practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the '80s , in communist East Germany , if you had a typewriter , I should have a writing in front of the government .
I had to register a <unk> sheet of text .
And this for the government to track the origin of texts .
If they were written with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think that somebody could do this , how much that we will do this is <unk> freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page , you end up having a little yellow printed dots on each page , which you follow a pattern that makes them own one and his printer .
That 's happening today .
And nobody seems to have a lot of fun for this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If we look at what happens in the online world we can put together the attacks according to their attackers .
There are three main groups .
There are cybercriminals .
like Mr. Healey <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use the cyberattacks for a lot of money , huge amounts of it .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , <unk> , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is <unk> <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys make their fortunes online , but they do it by illegal media using banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on a infected computer .
The secret service of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is ready ; it does n't know their stop .
And I say today is more likely to be any more likely to be victim from a real crime than any real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this gets worse to worse .
In the future , most of those crimes are going online .
The second group of attackers in importance is not driven by the money .
There 's another thing that moves them , we motivate the protests , motivate the opinions , motivate the laughter .
These are groups like Anonymous in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role on online attacks .
Those are the three main letters : criminals who do it for money , <unk> them like Anonymous that they do to protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a certified authority of the Netherlands , or , actually , was .
<unk> the last fall of the fall because of a <unk> .
They took the security of the site and taken a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders , if they wanted to call the death of people 's death because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die because of an attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
Why do the certificates be ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , you have <unk> <unk> , services like Gmail .
Except that to intercept a foreign authority authority .
And then they 're going to give you certified certified .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the former protesters based on Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011 , and during the tortoise of the building , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , I had notes from a company based in Germany that had been sold by the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
They had sold this tool for 500,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company 's headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this themselves .
For example , in Germany , only a couple of weeks ago , he found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these obvious response should be `` Well , it seems bad , but actually does n't affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a matter of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could be confident in our governments today , any right right now that we 'll argue today , will be forever .
Do we blindly blind in any future government , in a management that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that have been worrying about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does n't have fences in the largest part of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate to freely outside of the park .
And predators like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
We banned our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and as soon as we wake up in the morning and we found him dead dead , because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and the whole land for <unk> , and that 's why we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
They were dying of warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
They kill lions .
This is one of the six lions who killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why I think there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine , is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were scared .
But I realized that I did n't actually help , because I even help lions see the pen away .
I did n't give up . He went .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to trick lions to they believed that he was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So it jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on the switch to turn the lights off .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
Let 's get everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load up the battery and the battery will break the electricity into the small box .
And the <unk> box makes the lights <unk> .
As you can see , the <unk> gets out , because the lions come from .
And this is how lions see it when they come from night .
<unk> and <unk> lions for lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never had problems with lions .
And the houses in the neighborhood heard the idea .
One of them is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed it in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare them from farms .
Thank you to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship to one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community , and we set up lights in the houses that they do n't have , and I teach them how to put it .
So a year ago , it was just a child in the savanna meadows in the cows , and I used to see airplanes flying , and he said it someday would be within one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come on an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like you .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yeah .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make an electrical fence . CA : A near electrical ?
<unk> : I know the electrical fences were invented , but I want to do mine .
CA : You know , I would take it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried it before , but stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : At the canyon , Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to take it on every step that you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud of it .
In school , we would spend all the time studying the history of Kim <unk> , but we never learned much about the rest of the world , except for America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Even though I wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea until everything changed .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor and I was never starving .
But one day in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When I 'm looking at this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was really altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
When I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman with no life was dead on the street , holding a child who was sitting in her arms watching her face of her mother without being able to do anything .
No one helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine attached to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine and only few survive eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequent <unk> , all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China , just crossing the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we do n't .
This is a North Korean picture at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which serves to limit North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans to spend secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of hunger , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for the short time .
I could never have imagined that it took 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like , <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was actually made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I was arrested at the police station .
Somebody had accused me , so I 'm going to tell my skills in the Chinese language and asked me many questions .
He was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a official told another official , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they left me going . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in the foreign embassy .
But a lot of them can be arrested for the Chinese police and deported police .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had seen them , they were eventually released after one last international pressure .
They were n't so lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are captured in China and deported to North Korea , where they 're tortured , imprisoned or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , everybody can make it in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to race to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but in the inside , we 've come very different because of 67 years of division .
It even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was no country I could call with my pride .
Even though we went to life in South Korea , it was n't easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the university exam to university .
Just when I was starting to return to my new life , I got an alarming call .
North Korea authorities made some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside .
They had to run away immediately .
So I started planning out how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances along the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border of North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and started to the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught up several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked all of them , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I would impulse to stand up and said that they were <unk> people who were accompanying .
I looked at myself , but luckily I was .
We did all the way down to the UK border .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Laos .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in sanitation capital .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did all of my family liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from the South Korea embassy .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At the time , or the voice of a man , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so amazed that a stranger would mind to ask .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I gave him the situation , and no doubt , the man went to the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other Koreans , and to get them out of prison .
I thank you with all my heart , and I said , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you . ''
`` I 'm helping the people <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind unknown unknown is a new hope for me and for the people to get the more we needed it .
And I showed you that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go to a new country , they start with little money or no money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practical language practices , work practice , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us continue to contact with family still in , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been lucky , I 've got a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and North Koreans around the world , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South <unk> .
This is South <unk> : <unk> shops , fast food , <unk> terrain .
So the city planners to get together , and they thought , we 're going to change the name of South <unk> to represent something else , so they changed it to South Angeles , as if this <unk> what 's actually wrong in the city .
This is South Angeles . <unk> from <unk> , fast food , <unk> <unk> .
Just like millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles <unk> , home to the food room to bring and eating into the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of living diseases in Los Angeles and South Angeles .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times larger than , say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of home , you see the bad effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as a used cars .
I see dialysis dialysis centers as Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that does n't have any pesticides .
What I did , was planting a forest of food in front of my house .
In a <unk> strip we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it back .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it back . ''
This is how I decided to keep it back .
So my group and I , L.A. <unk> , we sit together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine full vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of a group of paid pay for gardeners of all backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city got me on top of me , and I just got a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> became warrant .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food on a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I talked to the <unk> and one of the members of <unk> <unk> , who put a petition in Change.org , with 900 signatures , were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , go , why not ?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more <unk> .
It 's <unk> <unk> .
That 's about 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant millions of tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't it like this ?
Let 's give a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy to South Africa .
I grew up there . Get my kids out there .
I was reminded of being part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I culture my art .
As an artist artist , that <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , like a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine how amazing it is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I 'm witness to how my garden became an education tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the Earth .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that they can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 Falls , and they were in my garden , I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt ashamed to see people who was so close to me with hunger , and this only reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't tell me that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but at your time , I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the middle of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , I shared her stories about how this had affected and how it used to plant her mom and their grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
That 's how Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come from , work and participate , all on volunteer plan .
If kids grow <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you farm tomatoes , they 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how your food affects your mind and your body , they eat blind what you 're in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing where they 're trapped . I see color kids who are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
In the gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who were getting rid of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> occur .
But if we do n't change the composition of the earth , we will never .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant all of a garden block , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy cafes .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability , it 's that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to put people out , get the kids out of the street , who know the joy , the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers markets .
What I want to do here , we need to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
So let 's take them to take your hum away from that ?
That 's their weapon of choice .
In addition , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I 'm not called if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , you come to the garden with your backhoe so that we can plant something .
Peace : Thank you .
Thank you .
( Birds chirping ) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made from asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days as today , where it rains .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt that comes out .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle , and these cars pass , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can do a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make highways of <unk> asphalt .
<unk> , which is a material that we use now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores , and water can go through it , so that all of the rain water will flow sideways and have a road , because it 's easy to drive , and they do n't drink water anymore .
Noise will also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is to get rid of ? Look at this road , the rocks of the surface go out .
First of all , then several more and more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I wo n't do that . But you can harm your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can make potholes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see how the damage comes into this material .
It 's a <unk> asphalt , as I said , so it 's only a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the <unk> , the ultraviolet of light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if they wake up , they 'll be able to <unk> them and separate from <unk> .
So if you drive the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- like you saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material come up , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , that to clean up , and we can cut <unk> steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you have to do is you have to heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones would turn back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here on the stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , I 'm now going to pull out what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples .
We did a lot of samples there and then the government , they actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So give us a piece of road donated , 400 meters of the <unk> highway , where we had to do a trial lane to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test , and then , of course , this road last several years without any damage . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road , and we tested them in the lab .
We did the age of the samples , we put a lot of charge on them , and we 've got them knowledge that with our induction machine and the knowledge and we went back to test .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers together , using the savings of induction , actually , increase the lives of the road , you can even double the lives of the road .
And now , of course , they 're curious about if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how repair it acts .
But I 'm going to make an attempt .
Let 's see . Yeah , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember having woken up a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening BBC , News on his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual in those times , because the news usually <unk> it .
`` The Taliban went ! `` I screamed .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban ran out of Afghanistan and made illegal girls go to school .
For the next five years , I was reminded of as a child to piggyback on my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we both could educate them .
Every day , we took a different route so that no one could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide books at the market bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
School was in a house , more than 100 of us stuffed in a little room .
It was nice in the winter , but it was extremely warm in summer .
We all knew that we would save our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , school closed a week , because the crackers .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was <unk> and girls a treasure .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of Afghanistan was a remote <unk> of Afghanistan , and her daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father would love it .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to convert our home to girls and girls from our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family in getting education .
There was no doubt that their children had to get education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a major risk in not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there were times when I was very frustrated about our life and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house for a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So , do you still want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age women have more than high school , and if my family had not been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself proud of graduate school in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was killed from her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first ones to congratulate me .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm the first woman .
My family believes in me .
I 'm in big sleep , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first one , and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see her parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> by them , despite the way to a daunting opposition .
Like Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went out to the way from <unk> to his village , literally , escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When you get to your house , it 's the phone , a voice <unk> out that if he kept sending her daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> already , if you want , '' he said , `` But it wo n't hurt the future of my daughter for her old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been aware of Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us who we <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school count in hundreds -- remember , was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of the changes .
And I 'm afraid these changes were n't last long , after the 401 from the United States .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are pushing them through them , which animate them , I see a lasting future and a lasting change .
And for me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day , the girls ' girls remind me .
Like me , they dream about big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never go back a revolutionary lifestyle . ''
It 's been nearly two years since that broke out the <unk> revolution , both of the Tunisian <unk> revolution as well as the Egyptian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and out of the country to call a day of anger and initiate a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we succeeded ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the edge , pushing the fall of the regime , they 're carrying banners <unk> , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a <unk> bravery in the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East to the south , to the south .
Finally , after a six months of brutal war , and some loss of about 50 thousand dead loss , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing our tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
<unk> from the challenges and the challenges , I 've wanted , along with a lot of other women , rebuild civil society , pushing together a inclusive , fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , almost 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with unique enthusiasm , started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the Women of Women <unk> <unk> , a movement of women , very diverse guidance , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and for our right participation in building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> , which was an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which will be made of selfish policies of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> <unk> in the first elections in 52 years .
However , shortly , the exhilaration of elections and revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day we found news of violence .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of mosques 's old mosques and St. graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day , we woke up with the news of the official killing of the Army .
And every day , every day , we woke up with the squatter government of the militia and their dysfunctional human rights violations of prisoners and their lack of law respect .
Our society , shaped by a revolutionary mentality , became more <unk> , and has been away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge , became the icons of the consequences of revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire our history of the success of the `` checklist '' and elections .
I 'm just here today to confess that we , as a nation , we choose wrong , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize right .
Because elections were not brought in peace , stability and security to Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought up peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society continues to be polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men and for women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the women 's values of compassion , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and creating consensus more than the choices I needed to do , which is only polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most than it 's going to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as outrage and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a female discourse , which is not just <unk> , but also to put the mercy of mercy instead of revenge , the collaboration in place of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , shattered by war , desperately desperately needs to achieve peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interconnection and <unk> between female perspectives and men .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before they do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran <unk> -- the peace -- `` It 's the word of God merciful , [ <unk> , compassionate . ''
Instead , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known to all of the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic , that the word `` <unk> '' -- the word `` <unk> '' -- the female and motherly , which spans all of the humanity that men and women , of which all tribes and all the people have cleaned up .
And so , as the uterus cover completely the embryo , it grows in , the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence .
That 's what it is like , `` My mercy involves all the things . ''
That 's what it is like , `` My mercy <unk> on my anger . ''
What the grace of the mercy is .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everybody 's always doing : Why is she left ?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , no expert on domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to count .
I was 22 years old . I had been at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in <unk> .
I had my first apartment , my first green <unk> American Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , that I believed my twin soul , he was going to go to my head with a gun , loaded with <unk> bullets .
The man , who loved anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , who fall in love , where every year of millions of women fall , and even some men .
Until it could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University , and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for `` Fortune 500 '' company , between them Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years old with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black woman and I drive an Odyssey <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all religions , all of the income and education levels .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a women 's problem .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of <unk> are men , interdependent and <unk> , or , in a long duration , or , in the families , the last place , or , in the families , the last place to want , or we would expect to find violence , which is why , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who was holding it , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , women 's women at 16 and 24 years old , they have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages , and over 500 women and girls from that age are killed every year by partners , dating and husbands abusive in the United States .
I also was a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , their warning signs or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold and rain night in January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he had just had a <unk> of the School 's college , and I was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and it looked like a field of the field .
He had a big deal with them as apples , and a second wheat hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it all over at the beginning of it , <unk> on a pedestal .
We started out and loved it all of me , which was a list , who had gone to Harvard , who wore a passion to help teenagers , and my job .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was why the bachelor 's degree in that little school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I go from New York and leaving my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I quit my job and <unk> and I went into Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was entering the head in a physical trap , and financial and psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those gun come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where you were supposed to be so sure that it was so sure that you bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another one kept him underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived in small .
I needed them to feel secure .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never lifted my hand up , my life was already seriously danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack in <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven of the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put the wedding suit from my mother and married with him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very lucky .
It just had been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of being a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I never got damage .
I spent twice more on our moonlight .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost it , and he gave me so strong in the head that we 'd <unk> several times against the window of the car .
And then , a couple of days later , driving out of our moon of honey , <unk> through traffic , threw me a little cold Mac to the face .
<unk> followed one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was shocked when I thought it was the only thing in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Centers for Disease Control is that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know that he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help <unk> their demons .
The other question that everybody does is : Why do n't we just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question than people , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing her .
More than 70 percent of the killing in domestic violence occur after the victim has put in the way to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other repercussions include permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to getting married , and financial resources , and the manipulation of the family justice system to bring to the victim and their children , which they usually are forced by judges to spend time with the man who would <unk> their mother .
And yet we keep asking why it just does n't go ?
And I was able to go , because of a last beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed if they were allowed to .
So , I broke the silence .
I told everyone the whole world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and relatives , to complete strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you were helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> the victims as spooky headlines , women who are damaged , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims <unk> intentionally fall out of men who want to destroy us .
But since I published `` Best Love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who have learned a holistic lesson from what happened to them , and that they would promote their lives , happy and happy lives , wives and mothers , lives completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and an survivor of very typical domestic violence .
I went back with a cute and cute man , and we have those three children .
I have that black chair and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't go back to have never more , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing my head in the hands of someone who says I want .
Right now , the same time you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating , '' or `` <unk> , how stupid it was ! '' I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you there 's a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused or they were small or they 're <unk> themselves .
<unk> might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love crazy love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse will thrive only in silence .
They have the power of ending domestic violence just throwing light on it .
The victims need everyone .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse to the light talking about it with their children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They delegate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people , who have a full future .
<unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down and show the victims of a safe output .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis .
Thank you .
Hi . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like , right now , there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed this way , luckily , I 've brought my clothes to change .
This is the first shift in clothing on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky to think of it , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I come up , they do n't have to tell you now , but to find it later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of myself in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to pass this sweater down , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so do n't do anything as I cover my head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but it 's also superficial .
I have totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer told me that I 'd put my back to my back and <unk> the hair of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one that I made two days ago for work , there 's very little we can do to transform our look , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , to be honest , it means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice woman and white woman , and in my work sector , that 's to be a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> found me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made this model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , over the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health and youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , also we 've been associated with a high and <unk> shape , <unk> , and white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to use to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who now show you skeptical , and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- Wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Wen Wen .
First of all , we would argue that both of models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York said all and each of the models on the runway , and from the <unk> models , just 27 , that is , less than four percent , were not white .
The next question that people always ask me is : Can it be a model when it 's older ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I do n't care .
But then , what I would tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a surgeon <unk> ninja and poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , still stress , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , so I say , I know my head .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head 's chief of the American magazine , or the <unk> executive director , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be a model to say you want to win the lottery when you get older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike the <unk> surgery , it can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've done your studies , and you have a rsum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model your underwear , '' for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people are always doing is if all the photos were going on .
And I know , virtually all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal field , but it was a girl .
This is how I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you realize that I 'm not in those pictures .
They 're a group of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all their <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always ask me is , do we get free things ?
I 've got too many heels of 20 inches and I never use , except the couple before , but the privilege I get is I get the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me a free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he jumped up a red light , and of course , you stood up , and it took a sorry , agent to be able to keep driving .
And so I 'm going to take a lot of these privilege for my look , not because of what I am . And there are people who are paying a price for them no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , of the <unk> teenagers who stood up and checked , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only <unk> black and Latino young people in New York , so for them , it 's not a question of <unk> ?
But how many times would you get me ? And when ?
When I investigate this talk , I learned that to the 53 percent of 13 years in the United States , do n't like your body , and that number goes up to 78 percent to 17 .
So , the last question that people ask me is : What is the life of a model ?
And I think the answer that you expect is : If you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 'll be very happy and awesome .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , `` It 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative , smart , passionate people .
And that 's all true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say in front of the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about it every day .
And if you ever wonder : With some thinner legs and the brightest hair , will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair , the brightest , and the most of fashion , but they 're probably the physically <unk> women on the planet .
But above all , it was hard to look at a situation of racial and gender oppression when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there is something that will retain out of this talk , I hope that everybody will feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception of the success and the failure .
Thank you .
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I did n't go and put it up .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , even a minimum care of the lighting .
In fact , most of them took them random tourists .
My story begins when , meeting in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took me this picture holding my daughter in the day of his first birthday . That 's the corner of 57 and five .
And it took the chance we happened to New York for a year later , so we decided to get the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When my daughter was approaching my daughter , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take me back to New York on a <unk> journey and you continue the ritual ?
Here 's when we started asking for the tourists that were going to take us the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied , and , fortunately , no one has ever been laid out with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much this journey would change .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than performances of a particular moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop the time on a week of October , and to make us reflect on our age and our evolution over the years , not just at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we have the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through your eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything .
That concrete time that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all the year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , we were walking , when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls store that I loved a little bit of a small student visits .
And he described to me what made sense of five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that remembered their heart <unk> with a force for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious awareness .
I do n't know , but apart from these 15 photos , I 'm not going out in many of the familiar photos .
I 'm always the one that takes the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to come in the picture , and I 'm not going to try and ask you , `` Do you get a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
vultures are found in the most threatened bird .
First of all , why do they have so bad press ?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , silly characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you get laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that we associate with Kenyan Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , the <unk> do n't help prevent disease spread .
They are far away from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the vultures of the New World that are primarily in the Americas , like the <unk> and the Israelis , and the vultures of the Old World , where we have 16 species , and from these 16 , 11 people , 11 , have a high risk of extinction .
So why rabbits are important ? First of all , they provide vital ecological services .
They are our gatherers of natural trash .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria , they help absorb the anthrax not from them , and caused large loss of livestock and disease in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no rabbits , the bodies take three to four times more time in <unk> , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
The rabbits also have enormous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protective , and the maternity and the maternity cobra , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the <unk> and Under Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the goddess of the devil over the top 10 heads .
In the <unk> culture , they do a very important thing to reach open to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to make it , so these vultures provide a system of natural elimination .
What 's the problem with vultures ?
We have eight species from rabbits in Kenya , which six are endangered at the brink of extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , communities are using this poison against predators , and as a consequence , vultures are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the endangered danger list , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it means that , in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's because they fall prey to the livestock of livestock that 's been treated with a <unk> drug like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by using veterinarian in India and taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread on the number of dogs on landfills in landfills , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above the Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to the birds . They cut them down half .
They 're <unk> .
In Western Africa , there 's a terrible trade from dead vultures to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so I focus on a locally problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments at the regional level .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating the vultures , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
How can they help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you what we need to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they 're going to take their time to spread the word .
When you get out of this room , you 'll tell them about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on vultures .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that he changed because he saw it without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every thing I do , and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 . <unk> young , but I am no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Coast , Coast , Algeria , Algeria and Somalia .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , the 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything we were playing in .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of the <unk> , '' was a project where we wanted to teach the people of Zambia to growing food .
So , we got with seeds <unk> in the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local local tomatoes and <unk> , and ...
Of course , people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they were going to ask them to come to work , and sometimes , they did n't get them . We were amazed that the local , in such fertile valley , had no agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible , we just said , `` Thank God we are here '' -- `` right at the time to save the people in the famine of famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was grown beautifully .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato tomato , in Zambia , to this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to them , `` Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> appeared in the river and ate everything , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought that only us Italians will make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the British did , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
We 're going to look at the waste -- we 'll see the waste that we 're going to encourage them to <unk> people from Africa .
You want to read a book , I read `` Wow ! '' From <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that money has caused .
Just read your book .
It 's part of an African woman , the damage that we 've done .
The Westerners are imperialists , examined <unk> , and we treat people just two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
Yet they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any of a different culture as if they were my children . `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if it were my servants .
That 's why white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , they were alone .
This should be the first beginning of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a stick on the ground and said , `` Can you imagine a city that is n't going to be <unk> ? ''
I decided to be 27 years to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never really motivates anybody , but it 's become a servant of local passion , the local of the local local people who have a dream of becoming a better person .
So what does you do ? You 're going to get bored .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the seat .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give it an idea to someone .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do you ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
Passion that the man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then , we help them find the knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea can not have the knowledge , but the knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never go , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they identified .
So planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't go to their public meetings .
What do we do ?
You should create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family doctor of the business , who sets up with you in your house , at the coffee table , and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this condescending junk that we came to tell you what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I fell down and listened to them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away to 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
planning is the kiss of death of the business spirit .
So now <unk> reconstructing us without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to offer them for sure , privacy , you have to be fantastic to help you , and then you get it , you get in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What was you going on ?
Local people . That 's what you 've been doing .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , we 're going to have no renewables , not renewables , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable .
What we need to consider , is how we do that , we heal , we educate , we 're educating , we communicate , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There 's no technologies to do that .
Who is going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? Are the universities ? Forget it .
The government ? Forget it .
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic journal many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the middle year .
And in the year flat , he gathered up this group of people , and I would argue about what would happen to New York City in the 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out , if the population is growing up at this rate , to move to the population of New York around , and they took six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already <unk> in dung , so in return , they were <unk> this dirty piece of technology that <unk> New York City .
So , what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States appeared <unk> companies , <unk> manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> factories in <unk> places .
<unk> , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk with you .
Then you have to offer any absolute , dedicated service .
And then later , you 'll have to tell you the truth with about it .
The smaller company , the largest company , has to be able to do three things about it : the product you want to sell you have to be fantastic , you have to tell with a fantastic marketing , and you have to tell with a fantastic financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for the money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not not been born .
We 've looked at and looked at the 100 icons of the Carnegie and icons of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that the successful companies in the world have in common , only one : None of them started started by one person .
I have never the word `` I '' -- but the word `` we '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting in coffee houses , in bars along bars with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what somebody did for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about about this epic , who 's going to ask you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
OK , can you sell ? Can you sell your money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
Those of us who surround us can help us make our lives better .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't know a lot of knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like , how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door to a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> <unk> to lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always going to accommodate music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties of the United States .
I live near this house and thinking about how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood , and also in something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , like a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made me a profound gratitude for the time I lived and this .
It was clarity to significant things about my life .
But let 's try to keep this look in my everyday life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to be catching up by the day and forgetting the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends , I transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant board and painted on her phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
And so , although we could take a piece of chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with it , and he was following .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
Before I die I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die I want to sit on the line of date . ''
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
Before I die I want to live outside the network . ''
Before I die , I want to take it more and more . ''
Before I die I want to go to someone 's rescue . ''
Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space was constructive and dreams and hope for people to laugh at laughter , and I was shocked , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways , it 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and to remember what 's most important to us as we grow up and we change .
This happened last year and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we did a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , as Kazakhstan , South Australia , Australia , Argentina , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is the time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distractions , it 's more important than ever , find the ways of conserving perspective , and remember life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even think , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that we 're more empowered .
It 's going to look at the death of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better than us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope , fears and stories , the people around us are not only helping to improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please tell me , I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 , high and very handsome .
He does n't speak , but it 's transmitting joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
Sorry unconditionally happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color color .
It does n't matter religious differences , and notice this : has never lied .
When you sing our childhood songs , trying to say to her words that I could n't even remind myself , reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 . It 's high . It 's very handsome .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but remember the year that each of my iPod 's songs came out , but remember the year that we dug when I was four , <unk> in my arm for the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Lady Gaga .
Do n't you think that incredible ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although it would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic -- autistic .
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication , learning and sometimes to physical abilities .
In each individual in each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that I 'll be able to be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that fast increases in the world , there is no cause known and cure .
I do n't know my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When a few months passed , I realized that he was different .
Let 's get a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and sat down in his own world , with his own rules , with his own rules , and I found pleasure in the smaller things , like putting cars around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that I would have in between .
As I grew up , it becomes more different , and the differences were more evident .
But beyond the counter , the frustration and the Economic hyperactivity , there was something really unique : an absolute nature , innocent nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some tough times in my family , when I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have been taught me about individuality , and communication and love , and I realize it 's things that I would n't want to change for normal .
The normality is about high the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it does n't mean that some of them are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach one thing to you and Sam , and Sam , and you do n't have to be normal .
You can be remarkable .
Because autistic or <unk> , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of the potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change at the time when we 're trying to become like others .
Please -- do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit about what 's been Alice in the past of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
He was scared . It was <unk> from these students with their great minds , their great books and their big unknown words .
But when those conversations were happening , I felt what were n't said to me when she fell through the rabbit 's hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I sat down when I had those conversations with the students . I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and that its engineering is attractive .
First question for <unk> , and then what ?
So why science is relevant to us .
They do n't just tell us that we 're looking at <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing their science , care with the jargon .
The lingo is a hurdle for our understanding of your ideas .
Sure , can you say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' that is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same as making them dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they 're turned on with their content .
And by presenting his job , forget the sign of `` bullet . ''
You 've wondered why they call `` bullets ? '' What the bullets do ? They kill them , and they kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but it 's supported too much in the area of our brains and innovation .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that I really inspired the single design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple sentence , legible , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then you 'll provide graphics that will empower our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open to the door and look at the country of wonders that science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you solved this equation , by all media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English OED is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
`` <unk> '' means `` political dishonest . ''
Even though there was an editor of the 19th century , which defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> is that you 're looking for a public charge without any party , platform or a principle , and that , when you win , you get it by the mere use of a monumental <unk> . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis of politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were saying in the parliamentary camera .
And all of this was thanks to the bravery of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who was faced with Parliament .
She got into the Tower of London and he was incarcerated , but he had enough courage to cope with them , and he had such a popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use record of the phrase `` <unk> '' as well as metal .
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's for an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This is <unk> in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have <unk> .
Some wanted to call it `` Chief State State , '' and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and others `` <unk> from the American People in America . ''
Not very attractive .
Some people just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was about quality .
And not even with that , they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline .
And it could have served .
Everybody got tired immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this subject . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives were against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him `` King , '' if he gave him or his successor .
So they wanted to give her the most modest , most insignificant , most unfortunate title .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only a meeting , but it only meant `` somebody who 's a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` <unk> . ''
There were presidents <unk> from little colonial <unk> and fractions of government , but it was really a negligible title .
And that 's why the Senate went on .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it the President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treated and meet foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who would take it seriously with a degree as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't stop .
We can learn three interesting things about all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to find out , the Senate has never been seen as the title of President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate to be in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is time -- it 's possible to keep waiting for a few more years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and I want to leave you , is that the President of President of the United States does n't sound at all as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads , the largest economy in the world and a fleet of UAVs and so on .
The reality and the story have accompanied the title of <unk> .
So , the end won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern about the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness of uniqueness .
But , you know how many nations have the president now ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy that has the 5,000 nuclear warheads , etc .
So , at the end of the Senate , I won and the House of Representatives lost , because no one 's going to feel humble when no one 's going to tell you that they are now President of America .
And I think that 's the great lesson we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
The politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , it actually fundamentally changes the words that what these might change .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of bodies <unk> in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk about , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones shooting with primitive tools .
Like the others , I 'm wearing a cheap light lamp to hold on the head with this <unk> rubber , and I can barely tell the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that hole from a meter that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I took my hand up and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and fell countless feet in that well .
As I talk to you today , these guys are deep in that hole , they 're in the deep risk , their lives without paying or reward , often dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they 'll never do it , because they 're prey on slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Summit .
Among all the incredible people I met there , I met a little bit of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that is dedicated to eradicating modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and really , I started to learn about slavery because I knew that existed in the world , but not as much degree .
When we finished talking , I was really embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me a knot , and a few weeks later , I flew back to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 've already been in many of these sites .
Some , even though I thought my second home .
But this time , we 're looking at dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people who are <unk> in the world .
It 's twice as many displaced Africans during the entire entire slaves .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
But now , today , you can enslaving entire families for generations per generation for $ 18 debt .
Amazingly , slavery generates over $ 13,000 dollars a year worldwide .
Many have been fooled by false promises of good education and better work to find out that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat of violence , and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery actually operates in trade : the goods produced by slaves have value , but those who produce them are disposable them .
slavery exists in almost everybody , and yet it 's illegal all over the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the furnaces of bricks .
This weird , formidable show was like entering the ancient Egypt or the hell of Dante .
<unk> up in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , whole families to go into a heavy overcoat of <unk> stack bricks in their heads , until 18 to the time , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness is in silence , doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day .
There was no pause for eating , not to drink , and the severe <unk> had to pee out pretty inconsequential .
So <unk> was the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to go and sit there , thinking , my camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship of that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> and work inside the system for her release and trusted what it was .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart heart .
In the Himalayas , I found children carrying rocks for miles on mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big kind of kind were heavier than the kids who load them and the children would put them into their heads with homemade straps made out of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious but so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know they 're slaves -- and they work 16 , and they work on the day , because this has been all his life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , <unk> burned their houses .
When we hear the word slavery often we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness they warned me that it would be difficult to work with security in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I was reminded of women who had been previously lost sex .
I took a <unk> stairs that gave this dirty basement , <unk> light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as it 's known in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They have little little , private rooms , where the slavery <unk> with their girls and children , some of the ones that just seven -- are forced to entertain the clients and to buy more food and alcohol .
Every position is dark and dirty , identified by a painted number on the wall and divided by a curtain and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexually abuse for their clients .
And standing in the dusk , I remember feeling a acute fear fear , and in that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell .
I just had a way : the stairs where I entered .
There was no back doors .
There were n't big enough windows to climb up .
Those people do n't have <unk> and , because we played a very difficult issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people pouring in the agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 Americans and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as a sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles is another activity that often relate to slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where we had whole families <unk> in the silk trade .
This is a family portrait .
Black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , from their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid to <unk> , but <unk> is toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still expect , though , power coming out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay us our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 kids , they 're in the lake lake , the largest <unk> lake .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger children , makes sense of sense ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their families being trafficked , missing and forced to work extensive <unk> on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing to swim .
This child is eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shivering ; it was a little canoe out there .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of trees submerged in the lake lake and often trap networks and children , they 're going to be thrown out of the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
Since it remembers , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
For fear of his love , he 's not going to run away and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> treats the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning , when the last networks , but they 've been working from the last networks .
It 's on the cold and windy night .
And it would fit out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued by a fishermen of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter in which he <unk> the <unk> to the victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes can happen .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
They went through a road in Ghana with <unk> partners the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his motorcycle all the sudden accelerated and <unk> our car and touched the window .
They asked us to put it on a land road to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were trying to get out of the car , and asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
And as we started down , we took the <unk> that <unk> the path and after walking close to an hour , what we found was that the path was held by the recent rains , so I put the photos of photos over my head as they put up in these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walk , the <unk> path ended abruptly suddenly , and we had a mass of holes that could fit into a soccer field , and they were all full of workers , and they 're all full of workers .
Many women had children tied up on their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked in the poison waters with mercury .
The mercury is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were in their own sweat .
I remember looking at her eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells have up to 90 feet , and these people have these heavy stone bags that are then going to be transported to another area where they would take the stone to be able to extract the gold .
Now , first of sight , the site seems to be filled with strong and <unk> men , but , if we look closer , the margin , we see the other less lucky and also children .
They are all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the poisoning to mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines .
When his uncle die , he <unk> the debt of the uncle to be a slave at the mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the 14-year-old mines , and the leg injury you see here is a product in the mine in the mine , so severe the doctors say it should be lost .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work on night and day in that mine .
Still , he 's dreaming of being liberated and raised with local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light about slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen for you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we will be testimony to them and we 're going to do everything to help change their lives .
I honestly think that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not from magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights and dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I 'm going to think about these so many beautiful , beautiful people , who have had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images will wake up a force in which you see them , in people like you , and I hope that force turns on a fire , and that that <unk> fire about slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We 're going to get the <unk> of the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill , and probably some initial strength that well can have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease destroyed this extraordinary ability , as it does with my friend Jan <unk> , who , in his time , was a virtuous dancing dancer .
In the last few years , it 's been much progress on treatment .
However , there are <unk> millions of people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable weakness , disabled , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure the progress of an objective way , and ultimately the only way we will know if there is really a cure when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there are no biological markers , so they do n't use the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological array of 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means , from the clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
So that would save a journey to the clinic , and what if patients could be done on their exam ?
It would n't need staff .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to do with you as a little bit unconventional to try , and you see , in some sense , at least , we 're all <unk> like my friend Jan <unk> .
This is a video of the vocal chords of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it emits a little bit of sounds , and we can imagine it as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds and all of us have the genes . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From the sound , we can trace the position of vocal chords as vibrate , and as Parkinson 's affecting the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom line you see an example of irregular <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
It shake vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both <unk> .
<unk> test is not invasive . Both of the existing infrastructure use .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but also the test tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds a lot .
These are very minimal cost , and we all know what happens .
When something gets a cost so low , it appears to massive scale .
These are some amazing lists to address .
We can reduce the patients from the patients .
You do n't need to go to the clinic for your routine check .
<unk> monitoring , we could get goals .
We could make massive mass recruitment for clinical trials , and for the first time , we could get doable at a general scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , by giving the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Parkinson 's Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals .
We have local lines accessible for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with no Parkinson 's , can call low price and drop recordings for pennies , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max Rielly , taking all these samples of , say 10,000 people , you can say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What are you going to take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have no disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not have fun . It may not end up .
But we 're going to get a very big sample of data in different circumstances in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances is important because we 're looking for <unk> factors in pursuit of the real markers of the disease .
TR : Are you 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : A lot more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone web as well , what we 're going to do . We have a <unk> 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little audience .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We 're hiding in the darkness , in no windows and , usually , avoid sunlight .
We make the thin thin models , the perfect skin , the perfect even more perfect , we do the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste of the imagery and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , there was <unk> <unk> , he was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishermen of fishermen located in the <unk> <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first people affected the wave .
The water level recorded over 24 feet and over three kilometers land .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We bring up debris from the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We removed the mud and we leave the ready houses for being new and <unk> .
We removed tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , eggs of the local factory .
We 're <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and <unk> photos and cameras .
Everybody did the same .
They 're going to push them and take them to different places of peoples around them for <unk> .
It was n't until then I realized that these pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that that people had suffered .
As he was fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the village .
I helped clean up the potluck toilets the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the <unk> center pick up the photos .
And I had the honor of that day , and I had the honor that that day <unk> in me to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I 'd heard the expression beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I 'm going down to myself my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some that they had more than a hundred years old , some of them were still in the lab , could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and I knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I entered Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started sketching .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too spoiled , but where the water had had <unk> the face of the girl had to get to <unk> very precisely and it 's very carefully .
Otherwise that little girl would n't look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
Over the step of time , they came to be more photos , and it took more <unk> , so I walked back on Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people to get together .
In Japan , in July , we pick up <unk> , a neighboring town to Northern <unk> .
Once on the week , we used our scanner into the photographic libraries that had set up , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that would take it in <unk> , it 's a different story , it depended on of course <unk> .
It could take an hour . It could take a few weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had not destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water will destroy all these photos due to salt water , covered with bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of that , with the time I continue to go through the time , and I 'm continuing to hand it up , and that was a major part of the project .
We could n't afford the picture unless it was clean , dry and had been touched by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand cleaning .
We have a guide neighbor guide .
It 's very easy to harm even more the photos already already .
As he said once , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures was really lucky in relation to the photos .
He had begun to kick himself , but he stopped realizing that the damage even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his husband 's own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to break the pictures into a single photo and tweaking the full picture .
When I picked up his photos , he shared some of his history with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station between the very far rubble from where she used to be their house , but their colleagues would hide it .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens <unk> .
Their little kids , not so small , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her her child her son youngest 14 years old .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember from the past that would n't have been marked by that day in March , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan had 1,100 volunteers had joined them together , they had hundreds of them helped us to clean up to the hands of 1,000 photographs , the vast majority of them -- -- the vast majority got back to their owners .
Over 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us bring back to 90 families , hundreds of photos , completely remixable and <unk> .
During this time , we do n't really spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of the ink on printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a place , a relationship , someone loved .
They are <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first we 'd come to look for .
This was about the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to restore someone 's connection to the past .
When a picture , like this comes back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , to bring something together , using their talent for something that is n't a thin skin models .
To finish , I 'd like to read this email . I sent him Cindy the day I came back from Japan after six months .
As <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a picture with women from different ages from grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved , because a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , I and my newborn daughter , hangs out of our wall .
In the whole world , in all of our basic needs , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that 's going through an apple in an exhibition from only one billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new type of photography : the <unk> -- a new technique that can make videos in slow motion videos in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after corners , beyond the line of vision , or seeing inside of the body without using X-rays , and defy the camera 's idea .
If I take a laser pointer , and I switch it on and turn it into a <unk> <unk> or a second or a number of <unk> , to create a <unk> photons package .
And that <unk> of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet , and this package of photons and fire in this bottle , how do those photons go around from this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light in motion .
Coca-Cola does n't take this research out . We 've got a lot of things in this movie , and I 'll show you this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet comes into the bottle with a photons package that starts to go through and that , within , it starts <unk> .
Part of the light tracks , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the lid , and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that 's bouncing inside .
In that time , the waves travel over the table , and because of the insights of the top , you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , the insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a regular and current bullet , and we make it go down the same distance and we see it in slow motion at about 10 billion times , how much you think it would take us to sit down to see that film ?
One day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a slow motion .
And what about trying to test with dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming from the table , the tomato and the wall wall .
It 's like a rock of a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , thought , from a <unk> at once , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato tomato is ripe and the light 's inside , and it goes back after several <unk> of second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in their mobile phones , they 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What is this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture of low exposure , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I 'll barely enter some light .
We sent that bullet , that package of photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with very ambitious synchronization , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data and make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future she would allow him to see after corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
We could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It has very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances down to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to the distance .
By projecting a laser , you can record a picture in gross , which , you see on the screen , it really does n't make any sense .
But let 's take a lot of images like this , tens of images , we 're going up and we 'll try and analyze the multiple <unk> of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our rebuilding .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body , and we could go through it , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and blood this is quite difficult , so this is actually an order to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new kind of visualization mode to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , it became the science of art , an art of photographs <unk> .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we harvest is not just for scientific visualizations , but we can see that we can all know that all of the gigabytes of data .
It creates a new form of computer photograph with slow motion and color code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves is just about a second <unk> .
But here 's a fun thing here .
If you look at the waves underneath the lid , these are going away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have weird effects . A Einstein would have loved this image .
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera .
It will take the full warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's already time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A cell can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can put a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a mobile phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a mobile phone you can record a song , put it into <unk> and make famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> from 1984 and I live in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to this city .
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people are looking for a change .
This is the fall in 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered in search of a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who is a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your cell phone , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone has a mobile phone .
But today , I 'm going to talk about my phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 lines of information .
gross data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . I presented a directive .
The <unk> of data <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , has to store a wide range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sent a text to who .
And if we use mobile , where we are .
All of this information is stored for at least six months , and for two years , in his phone company or its Internet provider .
And across Europe , people were planted and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone and the Internet providers , stored all of this information on us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and they said , `` Freedom , no fear . ''
And some even said that this would be the <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this really works .
Can you store all this information on us ?
Every time I use your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , which please take me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete response . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information , because you 're getting into my life . ''
So I decided to get a lawsuit on the court because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give you this information .
In the end we signed an agreement .
They took the demand and they sent me the information that I asked .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for German law of the birth of the E.U .
So I got this ugly of brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> <unk> .
At first I saw it and I said , well , it 's a huge file . OK .
But after a while , I realized that it 's my life .
There are six months of my life on this file .
I was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what data data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a six months of my life .
You can zoom in and zoom out , go back and forth .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> in the train , and how often I call it on the path .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just me .
It 's all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife , and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they call me between them .
And then one calls the other one , and the other one another , and we ended up with this big network network .
You can see how your people communicate to each other to what time they call each other , which time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the leaders of the group .
If you have access to this information , you can see what the society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who you talk to who , who 's email to who , who 's email , who is all possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and for two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets of Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
And he had known who participated in this protest , and , if the <unk> had known who leaders were , this never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , not the fall of the Iron <unk> .
Because today state agencies want to store as much information from us as possible inside the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and that 's not fashionable .
When you go home , tell your representative that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what you store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that give them to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital era .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
Let me give my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 've got it all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
sword C. It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> or it ca n't contract .
Nobody <unk> the uterus from my mother and not <unk> because my parents were siblings , even though they are .
It just happens for accidents , like the one that happened at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they have chosen to be disabled .
Let 's go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the mall , driving in circles in search of parking lot and what do you see ?
16 empty places for the disabled .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
In addition , I 'm going to tell you , I have 99 problems , and squared C. It 's just one of them .
There 's a <unk> of the oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Muslim , Muslim , disabled and living in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , maybe you should .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
A lot of people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe you ca n't .
The mantra of my father was , `` You can go , `` You can do it ; I 'll dance . ''
If my three older sisters <unk> , I wiped .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents went to the school system , and then if we did n't take all of the ultimate note , we all took the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk the five years putting my knees on their feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was hang on a dollar in front of me to get it .
The <unk> I carry on was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there were only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and that politicians would think appropriate to use `` hate Muslims as slogan . ''
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot of a lot like died of hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating , so fast from dawn to sunset is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford the physical therapy , so I sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends used heels , I was like .
And when my friends were going to go on the summer vacation at the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid if we did n't go back to Palestine all summers , we would ask ourselves at Madonna .
On summer vacation often , my father tried to <unk> , so I would drink warm cups , and they would get warm cups on my back , and I remember the Dead sheep , and I remember the water burning my eyes and thought , `` It works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , I was a comedian comedian who could n't stand up [ booth ] .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents got this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for <unk> , University of Arizona , because I walked in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> pet of the theater .
They all loved me .
I did all the smartest tasks of the least , I took my lectures in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene from the glass zoo my teacher would cry .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to do a piece called dance very slow they dance .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds : `` In order I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Stop free ! Stop free !
Thank God all-powerful , I 'm finally free ! ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave him Brown .
I went to <unk> running the director of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that because they believed that they could n't make the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk of risk , you can not the character . ''
It was a piece of paper that he literally was born and gave him an actress without cerebral palsy .
The university was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors without disabled roles .
When I graduated home , I went back home , and my first <unk> tour was like extra on a sitcom .
My dream was actually made .
And I knew that it would be <unk> from `` mate '' to `` better friend '' in a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , and it was n't seen me than the back of the back , and it was evident to me that <unk> , <unk> actresses <unk> , not white , with disability .
Just let people perfect .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching Rube Goldberg , Roseanne , Ellen , and all these women had a common thing : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
In my first tour , it took funny comics from New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedy I took when she fell at high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to claim the first place , but I know that you never heard that little <unk> that says that women are not fun , and they find us very fun .
In 2003 , my brother of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Comedy Festival in New York City , now in her <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the media in the media and to remind the directors that <unk> and Arabic are not <unk> .
It was so much easier to fight Arabs to challenge the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the news program on the countryside behind Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I sat down to the desk of the speaker to not get off the screen over the screen , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
At the end , I had my chance and <unk> . I knew they would n't come back to me .
But not only Mr. <unk> came back to me , but I stayed like a full-time participant and beat my chair .
Something fun that I learned in right with Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they 're never going to get rid of me or child or older .
All of a sudden , my disability was made out of ridicule .
I see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease is it ?
We should really pray for her . ''
One reviewer suggested I even would add my disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Learning is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do it , then they ca n't do some of them in a wheelchair .
The disabled is the ... Yes , clapping , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm standing here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I 'm going to give you less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
We probably need all the society to teach our children well .
My journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet of the <unk> of Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , the incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world 's wrong world .
I was <unk> in representation of the great state of New Jersey in 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> Children , '' a charity , to give the children , to Palestinian refugee kids , a tiny part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live , and I do this talk to his memory .
Narrator : Yes .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village .
I do n't know his name , but I know his story .
She lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
Light drives small people to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without it there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the Somalia of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no matter perspectives .
He 's just living in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day you give him to lunch , after dinner , for breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people , which gives it a break .
It gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home , his family .
They present to a young man .
They finally went home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , cutting a car bomb .
That child from that little town with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were the <unk> , a connected terrorist organization with al Qaeda .
So how about a child from a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for a chance , hoping to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing he got .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call the waiting period .
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , urban youth who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , who are looking for something beyond the waiting period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity of the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities are 18 to 18 .
If we do n't include young people in our cities , if we do n't give them a chance , the history of the waiting period , the door of access , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , to be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do almost nothing .
I went back last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember in front of that hospital <unk> , thinking , `` What if I did n't have gone ? ''
And if I had seen me forced to be at that same `` expected period '' ?
Would I have become a terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure of the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to house a juvenile leaders at a business summit .
Let 's give it a little bit of 90 <unk> leaders .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because he was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect target for al Shabaab and other terrorists , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to point B is the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
<unk> saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycles company .
He started <unk> motorcycles to the local residents who normally could n't afford .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of her family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this different story do ?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think that the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period .
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that they 're looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the summit of business initiative and how to make a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were <unk> of plastic sent from the abroad .
If you give someone , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> company and floral design .
I created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he started the flowers of flowers for wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park in the public <unk> public park .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where the families , the young people , they can go together , and , like , he says , to smell <unk> .
By the way , he 's not pink , because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business starting .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs , who could be <unk> .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They 're doing business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas really .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and set their business .
<unk> the young people with the resources that they need , they encourage the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create catalysts for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is something more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transform the way people see their city .
He would hire the street kids to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the <unk> period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is , to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace Parks that <unk> and `` waiting periods . ''
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an <unk> area north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The forest <unk> .
The sun was making the leaves of leaves like a <unk> , and not the way that we were still , almost we could pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with view of a beautiful glass when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed there was a dump , from about four square feet with apple apple hearts type of aluminum paper , and shoe shoe .
And I was choked up , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that they were too lazy to take out what they had brought out , who thought it was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it 's a little simplified .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how <unk> or where put the `` ours '' , who cleans our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> our garbage , for 11,000 tons of waste , and two tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who does that work .
What is it like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked along the road and interviewed people in offices and installations throughout the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
He needed a little bit more .
So I began to work as a garbage dump .
Now I was not just traveling on the trucks . I did them .
And it operated the mechanical <unk> and bar bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as predominant as they believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used very quickly .
It costs to be used to the weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were going to be able to <unk> weight on their body tons of trash every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , the waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and getting into the traffic all day , and you 're stretching around .
They only want to be <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's really bad for the worker .
And also garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless <unk> .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
They never stop coming .
It 's also like a breath or circulation .
It 's always going to be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I believe strongly that waste levels are the most important work on the city streets for three reasons .
They 're the first protectors of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in the efficient and effective way every day , this starts to break back from their containers and their dangers inherent to threaten us in very real ways .
And centuries , we had been controlled for decades and centuries , and centuries , they start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have room for what the motors in the economy start to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing your relationship .
And then what I call our average average speed needs .
I mean , I 'm just talking to the speed that I used to move in at contemporary time .
We usually do n't care , and we do n't understand , we cleaned up , we cleaned up our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , we forget about them , because we know there 's a job force on the other side that we will take away from it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about waste collection that will perhaps help reduce the stigma and engage them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Their work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a way of relief .
The flow of the flow that keep us safe from ourselves , of our own waste , our waste , and that flow must always stay in one form or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard a waste collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and went down the stairs and went down the stairs , and there was a man doing his journey out of paper as he did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his job that particular day , but I began to cry .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` Let 's be okay .
Let 's be okay . ''
Shortly after that I started to investigate waste collection and went back to that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
Let 's be okay .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species as we have to include , and to keep in account all the costs , even the very human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , which we think when we talk about trash , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next one that sees someone whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize it .
Take a moment to tell you very much .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our life , into a part of the environment where architecture arose naturally from the conditions of local conditions and traditions .
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the ultimate labor of architecture .
And the first example started with an invitation to design a commercial business center in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city , we realized there are three important aspects to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty , because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Secondly , you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals is generates heat inside , so it 's necessary .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees across the year .
And third , it looks nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a <unk> place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really hooked with the old market , which is this structure in the open air , where thousands of people go and buy things every day to little marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , from several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was introduced to survey , which is located in a very much area of a lot of growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we see now in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating to an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was we create a connection between these two streets , assembling all the entries in the building .
And this is spread with an inclined <unk> <unk> space that creates an open space in the building that <unk> , for its own way , of the sun and the rain .
And around this space we have applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on each floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that respond to local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a concrete shell with drilling to allow the air to draw the air to the air , and also the light , but in a way you filtered .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons on dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and this helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little <unk> pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a <unk> way inside the building .
This is <unk> with these little colors of colors that use the light inside the building to light the building at night .
With these ideas , it was easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the business center , because ultimately they had more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not only because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy power for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we get a great advantage by putting on the roof .
And then under those panels we thought about the roof as a new public space with <unk> areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , that we have collected water for the inner health .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest I was designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put a little bit of attention on the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with <unk> doors connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets , by creating 12 initial blocks , similar to the size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic points in relationship with the idea of the connected gates with straight lines , and this shifted the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's standard , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we made a framework that claims that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the plant , we have all the connections to the pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that set up greater density at higher levels and lower density at the lower floor .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving back to the community busy building space .
It 's where all the neighbors , you can go up and socialize , and do activities like running a race of two kilometers in the morning or jump out of a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people change the communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture , looking for simple , but affordable solutions that are improving the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature with the people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls .
I had large amounts of bright hair and a little bit of pencils , cute little pencils , cute . It was super strong for the state capitals , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy until I had my sinister plan .
One day I stayed at a time after the school 's exit was a bit late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I walked into the classroom , took off the table of my master 's book .
And then I did .
Let me give you the ratings of my rival , just a little bit of this .
All right . And I organized the book back to the drawer . But to see , some of my other colleagues had very good grades too .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put all rows of <unk> and myself in a row , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came out .
I do n't understand why I was okay doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It 's all obvious .
They never found me .
But most of all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I was disturbed by this little girl , so small , it was so good to get it .
You know , jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . Birds are very prone .
We know jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet I 've never seen a study that looking at loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So we have to go to fiction , because novels are like the laboratory in which jealousy are in all of their potential forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy , it would have no literature yet .
Well , I would n't have been the <unk> , there would be no `` C . ''
There would be no king , no king and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare .
I put on the high school lists of high school lists , because we would be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would n't be `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We 're <unk> from `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there is no Proust . I know that Proust has the answers for everything , and as soon as jealousy , almost that has all of them .
This year at 100 years of his masterpiece , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , I , of mine , everything we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of <unk> , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile the dream .
We think in a <unk> , we think about it .
We forget about how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> were as hard as a cat .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy ; jealousy and Proust .
Will it be very obvious , like jealousy , which is reduced to person , their desire , to their liabilities , are a very solid narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy do give us all novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she makes to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to itself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fantastic charm that <unk> detects in his lover , he adds it to his collection of torture of torture as a private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust is notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust choruses would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break up with it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
jealousy are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power power .
And how are jealousy ?
Knowledge is <unk> from the information .
jealousy use the details .
jealousy , you like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small <unk> of pencils .
Your jealousy will fall out of the photos .
That 's why Instagram it is so successful ; Proust links well the language of jealousy .
When <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different than an interpretation of ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual research . ''
Proust is trying to demonstrate that jealousy can look <unk> , and they make us seem like <unk> , but , in their core , they 're looking for knowledge , search for truth , a real painful truth . In fact , what they Proust concerns , the more frustrating the truth , the better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These were the pathways to the patient 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , who makes us suffer , causes us to suffer a range of much more profound feelings than a wise man that might be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal ourselves .
And there 's some other emotion that makes us open ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement comparing our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intensity so peculiar ?
Freud write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very glamorous young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud said that there was something weird about that man , who did n't get her on what his wife did .
Well she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he made his wife , without realizing , opposing behaviors .
Are you going too much ? Are you accidentally hitting a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels describe very well how jealousy makes us look at intensity but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , the more we become the city 's residents .
And for this reason , I think , jealousy lead us to make violent acts or illegal .
jealousy really drives us to behave in a totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about me , at 8 years , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard on the news .
A woman of Michigan for 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since they 're sent emails , horrible themselves , for a year .
For a year . Every year .
She was trying to get the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when or this , reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
How huge , although unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like a novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character from the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to measure how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be a punch for a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or wanting what you 've got to take off your self and you know what you ever had , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , it takes your rings , it 's empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you all around the world as much as I want to .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , are we good citizens of social media , where the currency is envy ? Right ?
Are novels showing us the output ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to Baker Street and ask by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been writing -- <unk> <unk> , the head face of rat <unk> that needs desperately Holmes , needs ta need Holmes genius , but it 's annoyed him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but they <unk> it , and I 'll get it out of bitterness in the each one of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of <unk> , '' once whenever they go into , <unk> all with its solution , <unk> again , and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there is no person in Scotland who would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Terkel in history . I look like this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute investment is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they 're on the same side .
Suddenly , it allows you to admire that idea of being he <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to be able to <unk> on the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So while we hope that happens , let 's remember that we have the fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction <unk> jealousy .
<unk> alone , invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
The 21st of July , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the left surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization of peace in the U.S. history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people , and asked the collaboration of 20,000 businesses , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the Apollo crew .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
And I was walking on her surface , of which Aldrin Aldrin Aldrin included after death 's death last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot of a turn : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of nature and fragility in our common home .
Why were they ? The cynics were , because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the Kennedy of Kennedy in the University of Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might ask , why can it scale up the highest mountain ?
35 years ago , why would you fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does Rice play in Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the Moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was the question of wonder to the transcendence of the technology .
They were because it was something great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon came in a very long context of technological successes .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the airplane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , the polio was synthesized and eliminated the smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin Alvin in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a ship with candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew at 40,000 miles .
Since 1970 , no human being has come back to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of the Apollo 10 , and the optimism optimistically about the power of technology has evaporated when we see that problems that we think technology would solve as going to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to have a intractable result .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 <unk> .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that he did n't go to the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn V .
I knew a lot of people that would be the last left mission , but I was completely sure that I was going to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It looks as if technologists had distracted us and had enriched toys with trivial toys , things like iPhone , and social networks , or algorithms , or algorithms that speed the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But it does n't address the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a symbiotic explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that you 've created a lot of ambitious businesses that <unk> from the years when Intel was at Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , specifically , incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the venture investment led to change ideas by creating ideas of incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think that 's good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong in <unk> Valley .
Even when they were venture capitalists , they were at their peak peak without worrying about risk , small investment , lower investment , than they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They have always had trouble investing in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital , and whose development is in the long term . They also have never invested in the development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have a free commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we chose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we would .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the energy consumption of energy from renewable energy , and wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want alternative energy sources that can compete at the price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and international treaties are able to deal with the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the price control .
But there is no hope in the political climate that we 're going to see an energy U.S. policy or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological , they 're not going to be .
We know from the time that famines are a result of failure on the path of food .
But 30 years of research have been taught that famines are the political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and stuff for storage , but there will be famines while there were bad governments .
Finally , the big problems are sometimes going to make a solution because we do n't understand the problem .
President Nixon was declared war to cancer in 1971 , but we soon found that there are many types of cancer , some <unk> <unk> , and only over the last 10 years seem to have been found effective and viable treatments .
Bad problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can , but these four elements have to be here : the political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions must support the solution ; it should really be about a technological problem ; and we need to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems , serving these criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no competition for us as in the Cold War , there 's not a politician like John Kennedy who had the hard and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system .
In general , go to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And I really did n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the future solutions will be more difficult to get .
God knows that we do n't miss the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with the confidence that you have about trust .
It 's so common that they become cliches from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first one is a claim : there 's been a huge decline in trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second one is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third one is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the target and the task has gone wrong .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a more clear idea about the subject .
First of all , why people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the foundation of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I will bow to think that there may be down in some activities or institutions , and that might have risen in others .
I do n't know it .
But I can turn to the surveys of opinion , and the opinion surveys are supposedly the source of belief that the trust has decreased .
When you look at the surveys of opinion , there 's no evidence of it .
That is to say , the people who were <unk> about 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , keep inspiring the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago , they remain pretty good , judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway down .
But is this evidence ?
What surveys in opinion are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that manifests people when they 're asking questions .
Do we put politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to go back in the <unk> ?
Do you get on the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
I 'll probably ask you to ask , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've said , `` Well , I trust your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but I do n't . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or type of person , will be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain degree of elementary school I know to give you the class of reading , but somehow to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my <unk> friend to keep a conversation , but not , maybe , to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we stop side of that knowledge when we think about trust in the more abstract way ?
I think surveys are very bad tools to measure the true level of real trust , because they try to accommodate the good judgment of inherent in fact to trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to make .
I would have to have more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm a believer in not trusting what 's not reliable .
And I think those people who were saving their savings with very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Confidence deposited or metastasize with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , yes , yes , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it 's about to do is make a judgment on how good people are in certain ways .
And I think in order to make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are you competent ? Are you honest ? They are responsible ?
And if you find that a person is competent in <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in the contrary , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends that are competent and honest , but I did n't trust them to bring a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things , but I see that they 're putting their own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say that I think I do n't have a lot of friends that are competent and accountable , but extremely <unk> .
If this is , I still did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before we trust .
Malaria is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've been trying to build systems of accountability for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier for the task to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once he was talking to a <unk> and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes more time to make paperwork to make the management itself . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public and institutional lives that the accountability system is destined to ensure trustworthiness and evidence of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is it makes the work of the people that have to do hard tasks like the midwives , and the midwives , they 're using the boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we tried to be trusted to be trusted , and if we tried to determine whether other people , officials , politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple action , the attitudes , what you do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the confidence .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't reconstruct what other people have given you .
You have to give them the foundations enough for you to trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't cheat , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to call them <unk> evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
It 's done every day , everywhere , they make common people , officials , institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks , he says I can return them without telling explanations .
I 'm wearing them , and they give me the money , or they change the color I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're aiming for is not a very difficult thing to tell .
What people rely on is relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
Since the early computers , we 've been <unk> by reducing the separation between us and digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen that the imagination can be transformed .
This separation has been reducing , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First I created this tool that goes into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers their physical body to the pixel .
Designers can transform their ideas directly in 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , they break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still outside the screen .
How do we get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands ?
In the dividing Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , the computer transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work .
And so , by combining a transparent <unk> bombsight to detect the toes and the face , you can now lift your hands from the keyboard , get into the inside of 3D space , and grab pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in real space , it 's as easy as to grab a shelf on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and you can highlight the lines or the words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's below every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and make the digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us will be bought and returned to the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
What I have here is an online <unk> by the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we took this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical , so we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my Hiroshi Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> collaborator , we created this only physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer can move the object anywhere inside this small three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we painted gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors .
And by programming the object , we released it from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can expand and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can be taught physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can play it as a physical reality , the times we want .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets , the physics , and unlike the monitors or the textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's most fascinating to change the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something but to begin to act directly on us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world .
So we started the talk today of a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was shocked to become a gymnast for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes for all expenses payments .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they strongly believe that there was only an accurate path towards happiness : a safe and paid job .
No matter whether the job I would like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer must start <unk> from very young people to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio show .
But no adult would tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew that it was too much too much to train .
My dream was never going to work .
I was afraid , that for the rest of my life , a second happiness happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another vocation .
Nobody around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
<unk> the books .
[
The ones that were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a theme for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap and to reset the relationship with my parents .
The meeting with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
They 're going to make a lot of perspectives .
For example , at first this map , I found myself out of place because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
The comparative reading is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There are to research camps as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , offers academics to a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought if comparative reading worked for research , why not do it also in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' [ `` Benjamin Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] that they were involved in one of them , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , politics and spiritual .
By the Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` On the road of <unk> Tzu . Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Sun 's path '' Alan <unk> instead of missing in the translation , found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized , `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . '' Essex .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know it wo n't come back to me or powerless never .
Having a sleeping dream is really nothing compared to what many other people have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Until a sleeping dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books , I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clarity , most of the time .
So books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client for psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was an old woman named Alex .
Alex walked into the first session using a jeans and a <unk> found , threw on the couch of my office , took off the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My lecture companion had a <unk> .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could drive it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought in the sessions , it made me easy just to move your head while we can get the solution .
`` The 30s are the new 20 , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start working afterwards , you get home after , you have children later to death later .
For <unk> , and I had plenty of time .
But shortly afterwards , my supervisor pushed me to press Alex talking about his loving life .
I resisted myself .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys underneath your category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like he was getting married with him . ''
And then my <unk> said , `` No , but maybe it 's getting married again .
Also , the best time to work in Alex marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yeah , people feel a head after what they used to be used , but this did n't make the Alex crimes a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect time , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of benign class was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for racing , families and future <unk> all over the place .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you consider that no one gets to adulthood and not pass before .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If they work with <unk> , they love a 20-year-old , you take sleep , and I want to see . All right . It 's fine . <unk> <unk> matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be at 35 years .
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments , `` Aha ! '' that they give your life for when you have 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , not panic .
This audience will be okay , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career has an exponential impact on the amount of money you gain .
We know that more than half of Americans are married , they live , or they 're coming out with their future mates .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there is something that you want to change yourself , now it 's the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other moment of life , and we know that female fertility hits its top to the 28 , and things become complicated to the 35 .
<unk> are the time to get educated on your body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial to language and attachment to the brain .
It 's a moment in which his everyday and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is there is something called adult development , and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of time time .
The researchers call them a extended adolescence .
Journalists are ridiculous names to <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered an triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that for great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you give you a <unk> in your head and you say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens to it .
And then every day , smart , interesting , interesting things like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says , as I start a career before 30 , everything will be good . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum than I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the game of chairs . ''
They all were running , but then at some point at some point around the 30s , the music went off and everybody started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stand , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds kind of extreme , but do n't get wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure on 30 and so many starting a race , choose a city , to choose a couple , and have two or three children in a much more short time .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there 's research that they start to show , which is much harder and stressful to do everything in the '30s .
The middle-aged age crisis is not about buying red sporting cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want to do now .
You realize you ca n't have the son you want to do , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> see themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment , but you could n't even decide , so I spent the last few years working as <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend who showed more injustice than ambition .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even harder .
They 're often going up in our sessions , but then they 're getting up herself to say , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , her day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for nearly all the time .
I had just bought a new book book , and I had spent the whole morning <unk> with her many contacts , but then you got looking at the empty space that follows after the words `` If you 're emergency , please call ... ''
I was about the hysteria of hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take me care if you give cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and say , `` Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was really worried about .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex like to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was in front .
So for the next few weeks and months , I told her to Emma three things that all one-third , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma that he would forget about that identity crisis and bringing identity capital of identity .
So identity capital , I mean , do something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma , and nobody knows the future of work , but I do know this : capital capital creates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , of that company , of that company that they want to test .
I 'm not <unk> <unk> exploration , I 'm <unk> the exploration I should n't count , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that he would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I said to Emma that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you back to the airport , but the <unk> all with friends with similar minds are limited to whom they know , what they know about , how they think , how they speak , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost always comes from the nearest circle .
New things come from what they call a weak ties of friends from their friends .
Yeah , half of the <unk> have a bad job or do n't have a job .
But the other half of no , and the weak ties are the way we can get them to this group .
The half of the jobs that you 've created is never released , then to meet the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job that did n't be published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how the information is happening .
Finally , not least , Emma believed you do n't choose your family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma will be soon <unk> to her family when he has a couple and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or 25 , and I agree with you .
But choosing the person who you live in right now or you 're going on now when everyone on Facebook start to walk towards an altar is not progress .
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have , and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family should be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever I choose you .
So what happened to Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found a quarter of a quarter of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link was helped to get a job there .
That job offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the boyfriend .
Now , five years later , it 's a special disaster interest in museums .
This married man with a man who chose consciously .
He loves his new career , loves her new family , and send me a letter that said , `` Now spaces of emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are like planes coming out of the Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the west .
Right before the takeoff , a slight bit of fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 to the bottom 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next few years or even in the next generation .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the hell you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to Alex .
It 's what I 'm privileged now to tell you about `` Emma every day : <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their adulthood , get an identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
Do n't stop defining what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very picky job on management consultancy for a work that was even more demanding about it .
I went to teach students in seventh grade students in New York City public schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and tests .
I gave them tasks .
When the work comes back , we 'll take the grades .
What struck me the attention was that it was n't the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance had no I.Q . scores .
Some of my smartest kids were n't going so well .
And that got me thinking .
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , secure , are tough : folding , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure better ways .
It 's the <unk> , but what if they succeed in school and life depends much more than the ability to learn faster and easy ?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to <unk> West Point .
And we tried to predict what they 're going to do in military training and who are going on .
We went to the National Institutes of <unk> and trying to predict what children were going to do as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers working in neighborhoods really hard , <unk> , which teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective in improving the results of their students ' learning ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all of those very different contexts , a feature arose as an important predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , the physical health and it was n't I.Q .
It was determination .
Malaria is passion and perseverance to achieve very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Architecture is to hold onto his future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a high-speed career .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in Chicago public schools .
I asked thousands of high school students to make my overseas questionnaires , and then waited about more than a year to see those who were going to be crushed .
It turns out that children with more determination they had significantly greater chance of graduate school , even when I paired it in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of the standardized tests , even the security that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only in West Point or in the National Yo-Yo Yo-Yo Contest , where it 's also in school , especially for children at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know , how soon it knows the science of its development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do the determination in the children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals who simply do n't go ahead with their engagements .
In fact , in our data , determination commonly not related or it 's even related to the talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing purpose is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes , and it grows in response to challenge , they 're much more likely to be prone to when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , to get wrong , to start all of the lessons from the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as a daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the character of the Chinese characters .
Since that moment , I was overwhelmed by this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so that whatever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language I can do .
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the character from every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster , simple way .
A Chinese academic academic , <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand the basic literacy .
The first 200 of them will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read the traffic signals , menus menus , understand the basic idea of the website or the newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can even be square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if it was shouting out , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally from the way that calls it , but I like to believe it is the other way . The one that will make them work .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors of an <unk> in the old west .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks to create many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the ancient said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If one person stretch his arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth is caught up .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an <unk> . Easy to remember , because a tree is a <unk> tree .
Remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the flame of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
<unk> , played someone at home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women , together , be careful .
So we 've already gone through 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical people will allow them to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every small effort , they will be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that learns a Chinese Chinese .
So after meeting the characters , we started to create sentences .
For example , mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the rising sun .
This is a sun placed with the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun with the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become coming out .
A mouth that tells you to where it 's an exit .
This is a slide to remind you that I have to stop talking and come down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be a dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my children , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The movie mastered its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress , and I 'm going to get a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood shows .
But the Oz of Oz was an event itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took 40 or 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal boy and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl named the enemy guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there are a couple of big differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple trees .
But I think if the magician of Oz is done today , the magician would say , Dorothy , are the salvation of Oz as a prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies generated by the computer of evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
The other unique thing of the magician 's magician is that the most heroic , wise , even biospheres are women .
I began to notice this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
About three years .
He was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the oversight level had down , so slid in the room , and I was impressed by as a mom with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , <unk> , <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would you be value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke had an army to overthrow the government ?
So let 's contrast this with the 1939 storyteller .
How does Dorothy Dorothy win his film ?
You do good <unk> with everyone and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow , OK , and not a world of men who are fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much <unk> , F , force in movies for our children , and so little on the way of yellow brick .
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence in girls , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know for experience that the <unk> princess does n't give me the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of the adults who are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that credit , they would come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have girlfriend .
Why are they standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a silly animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are lots of exceptions , and to defend the Disney princess for any of you .
But they send a message to the kids , even though they do , the kids , are not really their goal .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how they defend against patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how they defend themselves in the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have a few great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being a war movies .
Of course , the most successful theme of all time continues to come up with classic classic classic , each of them on the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who breed a child .
Until many of you are thinking , this year , it finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a film from a princess .
It 's really good . Do n't let that stop .
Well , almost none of these movies happens the <unk> test .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not yet yet , and it already spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the '80s , I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of the evaluation of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that you need to be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are more besides the kid who so much like that ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
I 've seen it , and yet very rarely see it in the movie that we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality , <unk> film .
Right ? <unk> from Oscar 's success , a consensus idea of what 's a <unk> Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen the <unk> test .
And I do n't think it should be , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostage of the hostage .
We have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful , painful conversations in this hide-and-seek , and it 's the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` You come to the bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's turn to the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them think they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , so it 's okay .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think that 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think movies for kids have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos and pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is there is a lot of sex perpetrators .
Who are those guys ? What are they learning ?
What do you do n't get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence , and then you charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and does n't talk ?
So , are we getting rid of that story ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to <unk> it .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it helps , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to <unk> if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean primarily to parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of manhood .
<unk> definition is radically changing .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character from Star Wars , you know what responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to try to reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I 'm going to tell my son : Go and struggle only and more stories where you see their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , to help other people improve and be better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I liked the most was to look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I 'll be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and archeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized that I saw my own eyes was n't enough .
Because , suddenly in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of a mile long miles along the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we see the infrared .
This is a place in the East Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in simple sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks as pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old city city , called <unk> , missed for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire , about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have been known to be located somewhere around the pyramids of the two kings that they built , which is inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge row of deluge .
This area is enormous , it 's about approximately 20 miles per mile .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> and as it changed over time , he moved to the east and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city underground on a large landscape ?
And I 'll try to find out to find out the equivalent of the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , with blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA NASA 's data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where to get the Nile .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this very elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists by doing planning work , and you can see it here .
When I say to just sampling , it 's like the sample of it in ice , but instead of climate change layers , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation for several hundreds of years that date from the Empire , exactly the same period as we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> works , <unk> , quartz and cat -- what demonstrates that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry floor of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation , which comes from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry workshop who demonstrates that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but we 're going to push it into a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also perform great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , probably written in <unk> about 4,000 years ago .
Let me share the knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So according to it , TED was n't founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas happen in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine outside , front of the door 's door .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that it 's made .
Now let 's take a group of local bicycles .
They 're competing in a bicycle career career and they 're going in direction to their entry door .
I need you to see this .
They 're <unk> , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
And they collide in front of her doorstep .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go on their side , with the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
And in the lobby , in the hallway , or what 's on the other side of the door , and watch the quality of light . The light is shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse talking .
You can feel your blue fur by taking you in your nose .
You can smell the cookie cookie and raisins is about getting into your mouth .
Put it on a side and enter their living room .
In the room , and doing maximum use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's little clothes , dancing on his coffee table , singing , singing me Baby One More Time .
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The ground has been covered with a yellow brick path , and since the oven come towards you , the <unk> Man , the <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a particular contest that 's happening every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a <unk> journalist , hoping , I suppose , that this was like the end of a <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few ladies from different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They were the names of tens and dozens of strangers .
Let 's write whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize them very quickly the order of a cards of cards .
And I thought , `` This is unbelievable . ''
These people have to be phenomenon of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everybody who involved in this competition is saying that they have normal memory .
`` We 've trained to perform these miraculous memory acts using an old memory , invented a half thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize all books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the room of the competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful and brilliant English English , although a little bit of a <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to show Britney Spears Wikipedia , how to memorize the order in a deck of cards live , on national television .
So that would prove to the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
Or do you have to start by something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
It ended up most of the year after not only training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential is .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to have the worst memory in the world .
Her memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's awesome .
Someone who was incredibly tragic , but it was a window that will allow us to see even what our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum , I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . In him , it was based on Savannah Hoffman .
We went late in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing phone books ; it was <unk> .
And by coming back , a number of treaties on the memory of the writing is something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , in the <unk> and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in that this idea of having a <unk> , disciplined and cultured memory was n't a thing as rare as it might look today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide <unk> their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
They 've been culturally changed , and I would say that they have changed as cognitively as well .
As we do n't have to remember , we sometimes seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where is still passionate about this idea of a trained memory , disciplined and cultured , is this unique memory of memory .
It 's actually not so singular ; there are skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how they do these people .
A few years ago , a bunch of researchers from the University College of London invited a group of memory champions , to the lab .
Do you want to know : Is it that you have brains in some way , structural or <unk> different from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and the subjects of control with you compared to you .
When they put them in an MRI machine , <unk> their brains as <unk> numbers and faces forms of snow . They found that in memory champions , they found out parts of the brain , different to others .
They were using indeed , or seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive activity is driving as an armed race in where each year appears to be someone with a new way of remembering more things , and then the rest of the competitors must put up the day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the <unk> order of random binary .
In half an hour . Yes .
And while there 's a lot of ways to remember things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used in the end is reduced to a single concept that psychologists call `` coding coding . ''
It illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the `` <unk> '' paradox . [ <unk> ] says the next thing : I say to two people who remember the same word . I say to you , `` Remember there 's a man called Baker . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember there 's a `` <unk> '' .
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what it was ? ''
The person who said that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who said their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capacity to remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories he dance on their head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know the excitement .
They use <unk> white hats .
They have flour in your hands .
It 's okay when they come home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we put that word for the first time , we started to put <unk> <unk> at some time later .
And one of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about two thousand years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the palace .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> I attended a dinner party .
They had hired it as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring it to a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , he took her poem from memory , and he left , and so soon it was , the dining room was collapsed .
I killing them all .
But it did n't only kill everyone , but it shattered the body left unrecognizable .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So they could n't afford the bodies .
It 's a tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting in every guest .
It took the familiar with the <unk> hand where their loved ones were in between the rubble .
What <unk> miles out at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions word for our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial space .
If I were reminded of the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you were telling them to say who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in his lobby , they would be able to <unk> them .
The idea of the palazzo of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first memory treated , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and you want to make it out of memory , in the same way that I 'd done Cicero if they 'd been invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of <unk> , crazy and unforgettable image to help them remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine getting into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> over Mr. Ed .
And that would remind you to tell their friend Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year , and they have some friends to help them remember it .
This is how the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which will be confused , but typical by typical .
In fact the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a remnant of when people thought about speaking , and in the rhetoric , with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` First '' is like the first place in his memory palace .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into it .
I went to some of these memory skills and had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of <unk> competitive subculture .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a <unk> event .
In serious , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting there taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone was going on the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I have no access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered this was entertaining .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What it 's actually about doing is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked up pretty much with this .
This is me , using my standard training team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covers with tape , leaving only two <unk> , because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory experiment .
I thought this might be good epilogue for my whole research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't have to happen .
Of course , it 's cute to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build it from memory or to memorize them from cards , to benefit from a little insights about how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
Great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make ourselves <unk> .
It 's a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of you are n't going on <unk> around .
But the reality is there are no shortcuts .
This is how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our <unk> existence on Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side , are we going to be so <unk> that we do n't even think about processing deep ?
I learned from the first hand that there are amazing memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remembers remember .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so I 'll take a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from Jersey , I was six and I lived there at my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom that I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom , the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there all walks of the time watching TV . So every time I went out of my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me . And every time I got it back and I would come back into a towel , all of me see me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure , and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , I hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that 's the power of architecture , because architecture is not about math , or division of areas , but of those <unk> connections , that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's no wonder that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , the Americans spend 90 percent of their time under a roof .
I mean , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises : they think of power , `` stability '' and democracy .
And I know that this is because we think about that because we 're in a building built a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that 's using the architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , stable , <unk> , front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful because building stuff is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build them , the <unk> and the governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they want to use ways that they know they 're going to work .
So we found buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that ended up in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick that you 're trying to do with this building : the children , the property values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , ended up another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and share .
So how is it possible in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects that constantly drive new technologies , new Things , new solutions for the forms of life .
We were <unk> , we gave them <unk> and we gave them completely out of people .
Every black , we think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have another option .
We 've got to go to the other side and connect them to those symbols of them .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we 're going to get the pendulum on the back , and we make it go over and over again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came up from the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's got to do with the concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , at dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
I 'll take the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that we like and <unk> them .
We added neon and we added a bake , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took <unk> cabinet and turned them into skyscrapers , which can be the medieval glass made of glass .
The shapes would be <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
<unk> grew up to the size of buildings .
A crazy thing .
But it was the 1980s , that was great .
We all spent the time at commercial centers , we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our architectural own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be a Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
You may have endless fish sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and you all know that this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s , and in the early '90s , we started to experiment with the so-called <unk> .
The historical symbols of the historical symbols now have new design techniques , and we find new compositions , some ways that fit against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum 's going on the opposite direction .
But then , something remarkable happened .
In 1997 , the building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academic and public public and general , were completely agreed on a building .
The New York Times <unk> is this silver building .
The tourism in Bilbao increased a half half a half thousand percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it possible that these forms , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media would spread around them and we quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these shapes .
The same thing did the major mayors in the world did .
So they all believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon of the new millennials happened with other star architects .
And I spent it to linguistics and Libeskind , and what happened to these few of these few elite architects at the new millennium , actually started to go through the entire architecture , and digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how they consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they 'd have to have walked up to the next village to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be a tourists .
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , all of us are photographers of architecture , and the building is transported beyond their physical location .
The architecture is everywhere ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It 's not a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before I know that that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen again . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of the concrete , the steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to the media , it starts to swing faster and faster , and it 's going to be on both extremes , almost <unk> , and it 's actually made the difference between innovation and symbol , among us , architects , and you , the audience .
Now we can make <unk> symbols , with an emotional charge of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island on Fire in New York City .
It 's a holiday community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people started to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you use it to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and to charge these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think about a second in those librarians of <unk> .
If that building is built today , we 're going to first go to the Internet for `` new libraries . ''
We 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , what can be a library .
That is ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of <unk> , to the people of <unk> , and tell you that there is no unique response to what a library can today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures using <unk> words and complicated drawings , and one is no longer a hapless audience that does n't accept something I have n't seen before .
Architects can listen , and you 're not allowed to intimidate by architecture .
That means that the pendulum does n't mean the pendulum <unk> each other , of a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways that they 're going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be attached to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach , Florida can also serve for doing sports or for yoga , or even you can marry at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River in New York City , to raise half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , is no longer a customer alone .
It means no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of names , as <unk> and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to do that .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
The buildings not just reflect our society , but they give it a way to the smaller spaces : local libraries , the homes where we form our children , and the bathroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and she already started walking .
And it makes it in that great way , typical of a year , <unk> , as if their body were moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that the most likes to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
It laughs and <unk> , and he gives itself those big , wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom realize I used to do this , and he made me think : When do I do this ?
How is it that we suddenly are not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , is 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit of fear , it 's a little bit confused because , although her mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , somebody tells him it 's ugly .
So what his mom tells him and what his friends , or friends in school say , do n't know who to believe .
So a video of it itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others who please leave a comment : `` Am I nice or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so nasty , it does n't even deserve to think about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal , ordinary , which gets these answers on one of the stages of their most vulnerable lives .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what is it trying to do this ?
Well , adolescents today are not alone .
They 're under pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving me `` I like , '' by saying , by sharing , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , so young , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like a party in her room every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are just ruthless .
This environment , that we 're always connected to our children at <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' that they have and the kinds of comments that they get .
There 's no division between a living online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is real or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the most important thing in the life of someone in front of you , what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers of the girls ' news .
<unk> size is still dominating our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But the kids are n't immune to this .
Like the <unk> stars of the sport , and the singers with the singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and they 're good individuals .
But in a <unk> culture , we 're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to look at their appearance , at the price of all the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other ways begin to suffer .
Six in 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they 're not nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for its growth as human beings , and as we as taxpayers and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments -- they 're going to participate in the classroom , because they do n't want to call attention to their physical look .
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they 're not comfortable about it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think you see it good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a little note from the average of your peers who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon has pervasive in Finland , the United States and China .
And it turns out , regardless of what these young young people weigh .
So , to be clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
It 's low self-esteem on his body is <unk> the academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
The teenagers with little self-esteem are performing less physical activity , they eat less fruit and vegetables , they participate in more not healthy diet that they can bring them into a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them , and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think that 's why it 's why they make more risky decisions , like alcohol consumption , dramatic diet , aesthetic surgery , to early ages , and no protection and no harm .
The search for the perfect body is driven by the healthcare system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who think they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or do n't have much higher rates of lower rates .
Ninety percent of women do n't present to an interview interview in a day where they do n't feel secure in the way you see it .
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that opportunity be ?
You know , this potential is an interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , by itself , it does n't take you too far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first one is that we have to instill in their own body .
We have to help our teens to develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make it worse .
So we have to make sure that the program that follow our children is not just a positive impact , but also a long-lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas -- the first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide a education in body self-esteem that works .
A education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the driver 's seat , and let 's be a better model for women and girls in our own lives .
It challenging the status of the way the women are seen , and I mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the input of our political politicians , or the size of their breasts , or indeed that purpose or success of a <unk> athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge the people for what they are , not as they look .
All of us can start doing it by assuming the responsibility for the type of images and comments that we publish on our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not look .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow all their person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people that are actually making a difference on a pedestal .
It 's going to make a difference in the real world , let 's do that they 're going out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our kids are free to become the best version of them , where the way they think they 're never going to be seen by being those who are , or to reach out what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who do you have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Your daughter ?
Your niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's two seats long . What would it mean for her if it was released from that voice <unk> in her inside , which haunts it by not having long legs , God 's more flat belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were able to do this , and we would hug your potential that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture with the imagery is holding us all together .
But let 's give our kids the truth .
It turns out that the way you look at you is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
<unk> the self-esteem in the rsums of our schools .
So let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , to even governments , so that the small ones within a year of today , will become agents of insurance change in yourself tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On November 5 , 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi <unk> rabbi , the leader of the Defense League of Defense <unk> .
They were initially innocent , innocent , but being in jail for other minor charges , in the company of others , started planning on attacks about 12 cones from New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
And luckily , those plans were taken through an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb from 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't stop .
Later , he would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , elementary school teacher , between the two did everything they did for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to know .
Now , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to want the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all of religion , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who were going to be able to be so influenced by their convictions who think that we have to use every possible media for everyone to live .
A few months before arrest him sat with me and explained that over the last weekend , he and some friends , had been going to launch training in Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was monitoring the FBI .
When I was throwing up , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and explained how to target about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that he shot , I shot the little orange light on the goal , and to surprise all of me , especially mine , all the goal broke out .
My uncle turned to the others and in Arabic , said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a son .
All of , the comment made it a lot of laughter . But just a few years later , I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> with 700 pounds of explosives in the northern tower in the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt each other .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times . That instability for my childhood was not allowed to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone who was time to pack up and go to another city .
As it was always me , my new face of the class was often a <unk> victim .
<unk> secret my identity to avoid being the white one , but to be the new of the class , silent and discarded , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time , I spent my home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't really have social skills , to gently say , <unk> , <unk> , was not prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , to judge people at arbitrary indicators as their race or religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that they put together my thinking , was during the 2000 presidential elections .
In a <unk> program where I participated in the junior National Convention in Philadelphia .
My group went into the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim victim , almost all my life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids who we 'd made friendship was Jewish .
It took several days to go out to the light , and I realized that there was no <unk> between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I was very proud to have had the barrier that all of life had been done to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came out when I got a summer job job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I met people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught me that <unk> was a sin and , for extension , all the gay ones were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most <unk> and the least critical ones I 'd seen in life .
Having been bullied , they developed an empathy sense to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I wish to be treated .
For that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that I was taught as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being homosexual , but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart would be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I was helping to see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , do n't have anything to do with character .
In many ways , he turned my teach purely at a moment when I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
And she looked at me with the eyes of someone who has suffered enough staff and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep that hatred inside of your inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family was decided to break the relationship to my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , one day , who is about taking the violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way . That even though I was invited to this violent ideology , the violent ideology , I did n't get to myself .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , and the terrible pain and the loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism , they speak , against those acts of no sense , like rejection to my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I put in here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow their parents ' roads .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that 's projected in your minds .
It 's an incredible film film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your film has smell , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hungry , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as the moments of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes .
And it has constantly constantly superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in a direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths about the existence of the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing you know more directly .
At least , I know I have a sense of consciousness .
I have no certainty that you 're aware of .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were not conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we just not just robots that are going to do what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
Then there 's never a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology studied objectively objectively behavior , neuroscience is studying its brains , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific works about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose , they said , `` Now it 's the moment for science <unk> consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this kind of great work that presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand a lot better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience does answer some questions that we want to explain to consciousness -- the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and with what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real mystery of this matter : why all physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective point in subjective ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like <unk> , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The topics are all the different behaviors of emerging behaviors , how they operate , how hurricanes work , how they breed , and metabolize , living organisms , and they 're all questions about the goal .
So that could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we speak , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is all the behavior accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have much to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of <unk> that works . For a long time , he would beat me my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms that would work .
But in the end , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to stand up at this point .
We have a wonderful string of explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think that consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate to our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that we need to start crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such a difficult problem of consciousness .
All the idea of the subjective subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you need to do , is to explain the objective function , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's what it 's been studying what it needs to be explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that your consciousness is satisfying .
But I 'm going in a different direction .
In the time it 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first idea crazy is that consciousness is fundamental .
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern them , as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties do n't explain in terms of the more basic things .
Instead , it 's considered fundamental , and that 's what the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental <unk> <unk> .
In the 19th 19th century , Maxwell 's discovered that you ca n't explain electric phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of that , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws . So I applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied to electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas that you have , space , time , mass , charge , then for the question of logic , you need <unk> .
The most natural thing is to run to consciousness itself as a fundamental brick , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it 's not the object of science .
It opens the way to scientifically understand .
So what we need to do is study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect to the awareness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say we want fundamental laws so simple that we can stamping them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can stamping them on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : `` Pan '' for everyone , `` <unk> , '' every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even microbes in Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when you think , `` Oh , I always travel at the speed of light .
I can never slow down the roses . ''
No , that 's not .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some precursor precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did anybody think something so crazy ?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
One deeper reason comes from the idea of perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that <unk> thinking with the physical process , is <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there is consciousness .
<unk> complex , like a human being , complex consciousness .
Simple information , simple consciousness .
A very exciting thing is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and developed rigorously with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And he 's supposed to be able to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a degree of information integration , just as significant , degree of consciousness quite important .
But when it comes to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a different level of consciousness .
It actually brings a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Moreover , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness into the physical world .
The physicists and the philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality , using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying it .
As an Stephen Hawking explains Stephen Hawking , `` Where does the fire be out of the equations ? ''
From the vision of the physical equations , you can leave the equations , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically do , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not out of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to deliver our relationship with nature , and it can have social social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that was consciousness , then she should be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about this , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral practices , is not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about an artificial intelligence system from Samantha in the <unk> movie ?
Is it conscious ?
According to the visual information vision , she has a complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems about the ethic of computer development systems and <unk> ethics .
Finally , you can ask for the awareness of whole collective , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective consciousness , an internal film for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies of each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question that has to take seriously .
So this <unk> view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually more sure about the first crazy idea , that consciousness is a fundamental thing , which is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going on the right path towards a serious conscience theory .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally find it out .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in the Victoria .
It had a very normal profile , a low rate of education .
I went to school , I went through my friends with my friends , my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents , because I wanted to go to a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She did n't get anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series of `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we took disability out of the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of teaching in a middle school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes in the 11 minutes of legal studies , one guy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when to give you your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What speech ? ''
Well , I had been talking about the law of defamation for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational discourse .
When people in wheelchair chairs , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized , this child had had experiences with disabilities as an inspiration objects .
And we 're not . And it 's not a blame for the guy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , I 'm doing what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid I 'm afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they 've lied to us in relation to disability .
Yes , they have been sold for the lie that disability is a bad thing , a capital capital , capital M .
It 's something wrong and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make any great question .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this other : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
It may be you have seen one , the little girl without drawing with a pencil held by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with a carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the term that will deliberately , because we will go to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to engage the disabled in the benefit of people without disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , to motivate them , so we can see them , and think , `` Well , very bad that I 'm my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of times that I 've been dealing with strangers to express that I think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my job had a public profile .
It was as if I got up in the morning and remember my own name , and this is <unk> .
These images , those images , those images are <unk> people with disabilities in good people with no disability .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put your worries in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard .
Let 's make a few things .
But the things that we 're missing is not the things that you might think .
They 're not related things to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to call myself the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in that because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very pleased with him .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything out of the common .
They 're just using their bodies by pulling out the best of their ability .
So , is it really just <unk> in the way we do , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' he says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because it 's been sold to us this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here , I 'm here to be inspired by the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , <unk> , are n't you sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn from other people with disabilities at all time .
However , I do n't learn that I 'm lucky than them .
So , I learn that this is a great idea to use a little peek tape to pick up the things that get caught me . I learn the ingenious trick of how to load your cell phone battery on the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn about the force and strength of others , not our bodies and our diagnoses , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold to us about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a range of stairs has not ever done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a TV screen will not make the subtitles for deaf people .
Nor are a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore , and it slid a positive attitude to turn all those books to the braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered nothing to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we 're holding up to get up of the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in Melbourne is not a little surprised that her new teacher is a wheelchair .
Communication does n't make us quite remarkable , but question what you think about it .
Thank you .
What do augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a swallow <unk> ?
Unfortunately , today , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't go away .
When people think about augmented reality , thinking about `` Minority Report , '' and at Tom Cruise flying the hands in the air , but the augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it , and people need to know , because augmented reality to change our lives as much as the Internet and cell phones .
So how did we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , is what I 've put on : the goggles Google Glass .
I 'm sure many people are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows you to see what I see .
It will allow you to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to make it <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running through the game camp at 160 miles , the blood beating your ears .
We can find that a little 110 pounds is going to be <unk> , trying to figure out everything to be .
I 've been there and I assure you that 's not nice .
Let me show you a few videos to show you what you 're using your Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology NFL is a submarine coming up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A little bit of a moment . Give me a little bit .
So , ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of the <unk> .
You may have realized that you need people , the rest of the team .
We have a video from them from the University of Washington .
Mice 54 : mice 54 ! mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they have asked me on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a field <unk> .
Or about a runner ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get into it , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called <unk> Rift , which probably many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh .
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster <unk> for his life .
What 's going to be a fan experience when we were exploring a video of Adrian 's video going through the line , carrying a <unk> with the arm before running and make an notation ? What will be the experience of a fan .
When I could be <unk> running on the court , putting the ball on the back of the network , or do you try to get a drink in Wimbledon ?
What will be your experience when it goes from a mountain at more than 100 miles an hour as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe it was thrown out of diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we reach augmented reality , <unk> ?
<unk> augmented reality when the coaches and the owners see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use the technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> to their field <unk> to play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radios in the fridge <unk> and then in the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group and you see their next hand show you were shown in front of you , a plastic bombsight that you carry on , and you do n't have to worry about to forget a step .
or by memorize the strategy .
They just go out to the field and react .
And the coaches want it , because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view from the high of the people who are down .
You also get information from the sensors and the <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know the send .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is <unk> to the good teams of the bad guys .
So your team of computer will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis will stop being nerds .
It 's also for athletes also . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be like in the field ?
Imagine that they 're <unk> .
Let 's get the ball and <unk> it .
You get to an open receptor . Suddenly , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight tells you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> . Usually , you do n't see it , but the <unk> system will tell you .
They 're going to go into the area of protection .
Another flashlight tell you that there 's an open receiver .
You 're going to get the ball , but you 're breaking down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , but the receiver sees it in their bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race .
It 's coming up , he catches the ball , running and drinks .
The audience goes crazy and fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
They want to be their favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too cost-effective to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just like bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to encourage empathy among human beings , to show someone what it is , literally , to be in the place of another person .
So we know what this technology is worth for my League .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology worth a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology worth for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how lives being pursued ?
How much does it do for a <unk> Hadfield or one Neil Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about the space and the science instead of quarterly notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retire to retire after 23 years of service in <unk> California .
The vast majority of those 23 years passed me the southern tip of <unk> County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer head of building the bridge , said , `` The bridge is pretty much proof of suicide .
suicide from the bridge is not practical or unlikely . ''
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped on their death from that bridge .
Some people think that travel between the two towers will take it to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such , so that every single one from it frees you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that go under <unk> your soul .
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used for suicide suicide .
After a <unk> of four to five seconds , the body crashes against water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , they normally lie in the helpless water , and they drown .
I do n't think that the people who were going to give this suicide method you 'll realize the death method they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
This is where most people have been to before they have to get rid of their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and at the darker moment , it 's very hard to bring you back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the fence .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service for those who were suicide , but to the officers as well .
We 've come a long way since .
Today , veterans and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him last year July last year to receive a so-called suicide subject sitting on the middle near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason talking to an officer on the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason had only 32 years old , and I 'd flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up here twice as long from New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , we asked if we knew the history of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
And she came out of pest , sorrows , and all kinds of evil against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
A few moments were stopped , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind and smart , clever guy in New Jersey had just taken out of his life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing right , because the next day , the family rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
The collateral damage of suicide affect a lot of people .
I ask you to ask these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or loved someone to be suicidal ?
What would you say ?
What to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just have to speak , but you have to listen .
Listening to understand .
Do n't stop , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think that someone is suicidal , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Other people have thought about ending their life ; have you had these thoughts ? ''
He would invite the person in front of the person who can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to search for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to improve ; <unk> , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- social isolation , and a lost interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read your letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January , this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and blessing I read it .
`` Hello , Kevin . I imagine you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends and tell your friends and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the match of 49 with his father 19 .
It never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and has reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and reported that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad without suffering with a true mental illness ?
It should not be so easy to stop it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the path that his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call for a possible subject subject on the sidewalk near the north tower .
<unk> my motorcycle on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When I saw it , it crossed the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next hour , I heard this as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided to see that day I 'll go back on that lane and give it another chance .
When Kevin came back , he was <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What did it happen to go back and gave it to hope and life another chance ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You stopped talking and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it out .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , Nothing erase the 11 of March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
And I went through Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all those traits , <unk> , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> in debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to get the patient .
`` Wow , I did have to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a loving father and a <unk> member of society .
It speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others .
suicide is not just something I 've found myself at work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , stealing me the opportunity to meet .
This is what suicide is doing .
For most of the suicidal people , or those who consider suicide , you would n't think of hurt somebody else .
They just want their own pain .
Typically , this is achieved only in three ways : sleep , drug drugs or alcohol .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls from suicide around the bridge .
From those incidents I 've been directly involved in , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour .
For that time , I 'm holding my hand in three times .
In the final hand , I looked at it , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact with that bridge will not kill themselves .
Also , those few who have jumped from the bridge and lived , and that they can talk about it , that one percent or two percent , most of those people have said that the second they leave the railing they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does not only connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us should be striving for .
suicide can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your inside you know what you are , and a question mark you : How do you become in that ?
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , anyway .
When I became a model , I felt that finally I had achieved the dream that I had since a child .
My outside finally was consistent with my truth inside , with my inner self .
So for complicated reasons , I 'm going over later , when I look at this picture , I think , `` We did it <unk> , '' you got it , you got .
But the past October , I discovered that I 'm just starting .
We all get rid of our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the courage to free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the beliefs of those around us .
These are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as `` child '' at birth because of the appearance of my genital .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt on my head .
And my mom would ask me , `` Why do you always take that shirt into your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to get it .
The gender has always considered a <unk> fact , but now we know that , actually , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I will never tell you to share my story , not because it thought to be what I am bad , but why the world is all about us who want to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have a mom , dad and a family that I 'm just accepting myself as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage in front of the stage , and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , when she still wore a man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the principal of a contest of transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you been involved in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if he participated , she was responsible for tuition and costume , and that night , I won in a bathroom , won in a <unk> suit , and he became a third finalist between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly I was inside the world of beauty .
Not many people can say that their first job was the queen of beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of <unk> , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends of that community .
In 2001 , my mom who had moved to San Francisco , called me , and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I stood up .
I told my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later , I called myself and said , `` You know , if you 're going to tell the U.S. , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two and my name to my name .
She would also accompanied me when I had surgery in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most <unk> , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to have surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So , in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name <unk> and the `` F '' female .
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity document means power or being able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears looked at us .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> .
A young woman of New York who was living his truth , but , <unk> , he put his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
Every 20 of November we make a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
I 'm on this stage , thanks to a long history of people who were <unk> and stood up to injustice .
These are Latin Johnson and Sylvia Rivera .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep my truth living alone and only for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , nor fear .
I 'm here , I 'm here , so that one day there 's no more <unk> <unk> .
My deeper truth led me to accept what I am .
You 'll do it ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you with all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , especially to my family , who is very strong .
I remember all the time I 've been to trans young women , who I 've spent , and sometimes , when they called me and told me that his parents could n't accept it . I would take the phone , she called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth to birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put up a gender to be born , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes I did n't have a block , and there should be a space that would allow people to do it , and this is a conversation we
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be a space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are generally known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for their daughter , and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts went back in 2011 , at the <unk> National Peace Prize , became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality and violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when you 're born a little girl , her birth does n't celebrate .
It 's not welcome , not for his father , not for her mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives her mom to the mother and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother takes a lot for a child .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When it gives birth to the second daughter , he <unk> , and with the hope of a child , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter . The newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's left home and school charging their siblings .
Up to age 12 , in some way , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and it can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes in adolescence , when he comes 13 years , he was missing to go out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and his family , and if I had the code of that of course honor , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , not only with the life of a girl , but it also affects the life of family family members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of their sisters in the name of the honor .
And there 's a norm of the patriarchal societies that is called obedience .
It 's supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and who accept their father 's decisions and mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like it or if you marry an old man , you have to accept it , because you do n't want to be <unk> .
If you get a young marry , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` <unk> , <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , the same lesson of compliance to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious circle continues and it continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when I was born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I felt extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of the freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and she called my daughter like this .
But when I noticed , everybody was men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted it into a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half and a half years ago .
You might ask , why should I mention a child 's admission at a school ?
Yeah , I have to do .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for life 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when we had a Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative to the family , I could n't remember the families of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was why my daughter 's value .
What my father could n't give my sisters or their daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and my daughter 's <unk> .
You would try to sit down with me when my friends came to see me .
He pushed me to go to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to put it on his personality .
And this was n't just for her , just to get it .
I 've got all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , fighting for more rights for women , and we fought for more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of participation from women in all political and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls are banned from going to school .
The women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , the <unk> girls and the singers killed .
It took millions , but a few of them talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk about their rights .
It 's really terrifying .
At the age of 10 , <unk> stood up and got up on the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he offered herself to the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's called a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason why the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and the ninth of October 2012 , they shot <unk> in the head .
It was a day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , whispered into the ear of my wife , `` Should I blame him for what happened to my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And <unk> said , `` Please , you do n't care .
Let 's have a fair cause .
They would raise your life in play because of the truth of peace , and because of the education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
They were both on the right path and God protect it .
So these little words I had a lot of <unk> for me , and I did n't ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe pains and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was going on by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my wicked smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'll be fine . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us , and we 're going to get rid of them .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that even though being icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like every 16-year-old girl .
He 's crying when his homework did n't .
They fight with her brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What about my mentoring that has made so bold to <unk> so brave and expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
Let 's show what I did n't do .
He did n't cut your wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> of the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group of Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but the whole work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I joined Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you get to a brain operation .
Are you still the same as smart or not ?
Is n't you going to be able to be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the dead sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how to take , of over a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals , and try to get to live with life .
More than once I 've saved it .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience to try to get the dose of <unk> , because there 's really not a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started testing different mixes , and I was amazed at how tiny changes in the dose changed my <unk> , my sense of who was me , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
One particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tested doses and chemical chemicals for a man of 20 , and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , a lot of times in the past , I 've known several types like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , as much insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front , and simply did n't .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But , I think that experience gave me a new appreciation of men and what they have to go through .
What I was trying to do is to adjust these hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was to recover my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in pictures , and that became my key reference point : how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thinking is n't new .
It 's like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , look at things like this .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
There are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I 'm able to find the point right , and I have lots of great <unk> of mind , actually <unk> , well , sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how I 'm going to get fast , these mental images of my mind to the screen of the computer .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director were able to use their imagination just to lead the world to the world ?
Or if a musician could get the music of his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like how creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that were done by two major experiments that are made by two leading groups in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , image by functional MRI , to represent the brain scan , and you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image .
The spinal cord shows the brain scan of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is created by subtracting the contents of the core column on the left . You see that the difference is almost zero .
This <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same picture is almost zero .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into recognizable visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were able to get their brains to create a large pool of brain reactions to the video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they were going to be a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain information in the scanning of the scan , to show what it seemed like the person was watching .
On the right , you can see the top of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This left us .
We 're okay to do that .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you look at a picture , and when you imagine that same image , it 's believed in the same mapping .
This was done with the brain scanning systems of most resolution available today , and their resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
We now need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we get it ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do that .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I do n't offer that .
Many of you are proposing new projection techniques , even me . Tell me with the recent MRI outcome , first of us have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get higher resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , more <unk> magnets only offer little improvements in resolution , not by thousands of us as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , let 's make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does that care ?
Over the last few years , a lot of effort in MRI were to make really large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in the <unk> of smart , brilliant , brilliant , shiny solutions in coding and <unk> , on transmitters and police radio receptors in MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use structured magnetic patterns in addition to FM radio frequencies .
So , when we combine magnetic patterns with the patterns of FM radio processing , we can actually increase the information that can be extract in a single scan .
In addition , we can then divide into layers , our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid fluid , but the hormones and the <unk> that I mentioned , and maybe even neural neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to put our ideas in a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could go through the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to do ?
And how will we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling as a tool to amplify our thinking and communication skills .
Certainly , this same tool can lead to Alzheimer 's cure and similar disease .
We have few more options than opening up this door .
So anyway , choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it will take much more .
We have to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , and not just in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have scenes .
Your closet may be to tell some people for the first time you love it or tell someone who is pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you 've ever done in life .
So , every closet is a hard conversation , and although our topics can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and out of that closet is something universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working on the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various phases of <unk> <unk> : I do n't know my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> Di Franco as a litany .
And it 's going to be slope from my pants in the short eye , and I 'd like to get my head up , and I was usually asked by a little kid , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be a uncomfortable silence at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a little bit of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look to his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to tell you anything .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a boy between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
It would be that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , again .
`` You 're a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was ready and I was about to get out of the female affairs on the table . He had the quotes of Betty <unk> .
Gloria dating .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down , and my back , and my back , a little bit of four years with a pink dress , staring at what 's not a challenge for a feminist sketch , just a girl with a question : `` You 're a kid or girl ? ''
So I took a deeper breath again , I put a lot of a lot of it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is really confusing .
I have the short hair like one of a kid , and I saw clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , as you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
Well , I 'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pajama . ''
And that girl was staring at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite <unk> is purple , and he has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Oh , when you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation of all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl in the <unk> and I , both of them , were honest with one another .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some astounded in my life , and yes , often , my walls used to be an rainbows .
But within the dark , you ca n't know what color is .
You only know how one feels like you feel like living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you 100 reasons for why I got out of my closet was harder than getting out of yours , but this is the issue : it 's hard is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to somebody who have declared on a broken bank is harder than telling you that it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you about is more difficult than telling your child five years to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We have to stop looking at that what is difficult to be hard about what it is difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinet and we have to just feel empathy because we all live in something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in cabinet , and they can make them feel security , or less security than what the other side of the door is .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years .
So , I had a tail of horse , a dress and <unk> shoes .
It was n't militant lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old .
I was frozen in the fear , and I was buried in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and the moving only one muscle is the most scary thing ever done .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be able to be disappointed , and now the world was turned around .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all been followed for so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade , you will kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests guests knew that it was gay , and when I do my lady 's lady in my black dress , my black dress , and I walked around the tables , and finally I came to one where my parents ' friends were known to me , and I knew .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` Would you ever be in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , meet my <unk> Antonio ?
It 's very good , and it 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite .
And then a woman , puzzling down , but he was expecting to show her support , to get me to know that I was on my side , he finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at the time , as they have all the Scud launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for someone , but do they strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with someone , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still my strong point .
Ask anyone who 's out there .
But I 'm getting better , and I still like to call the three principles of the Girl Girl Girl .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing .
Number one : Be true .
<unk> armor . Be yourself .
That girl in the coffee had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be a direct Sean . Let 's just roll it off .
If you know they 're gay , <unk> .
If they say to your parents that might be gay , they will maintain the hope that that could change .
They will not give them a sense of hope hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- leave the complex ones .
You communicate your truth .
You will never get rid of that .
And some of them can come out of sure , they 're going to be sure , and they 're never sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some of you may be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So next time you find in a dark closet <unk> a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they might feel very much , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the <unk> .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of a sub can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of the computer pioneers , like Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
Let 's step back .
So let 's start with a thought experiment .
Imagine that you 're from an alien race , which you do n't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of the Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know about this , that it does n't have any concept of intelligence on Earth , you would have to develop a physical theory that would explain how to , until a certain time in the time , the asteroids that we saw the surface of a planet mysteriously stopped doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that took a number of years ago , I studied a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , towards an underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honed adjusted to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of the universal states that we would promote the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , by taking all these different things and <unk> them together , I asked , for several years , there 's an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is yes . What you 're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of a E = <unk> for the intelligence I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping our options open , with the diversity of possible future accessible to accessible future , yeah , to an impending future time .
In short , intelligence does n't like to get caught up .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keeping our options open .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How big is it ?
Do you know the level of human intelligence ?
Does artificial intelligence do ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more mess , or entropy , in their life , should have tendency to make conditions more favorable to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection to <unk> between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with entropy production , but actually comes directly from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system that you can find inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence , play games of human intelligence , and they even make money for action , all of that without what they would do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Like a human standing without falling off , here we see <unk> <unk> a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to be able to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and human technologies .
This tool use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling opposite ends of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that <unk> can perform a model of the model of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see successfully playing a game of <unk> against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
Here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections in a social network where friends are constantly out and keeps the network well connected .
This same capacity of <unk> network also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see <unk> organizing the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend globally , its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is largely applicable in defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and running a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated host of action negotiation , successfully by increasing assets under its management .
This risk skill ability will have vast applications in finance and secure .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of marks of cognitive cognitive behaviors such as tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all of us flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony here .
Let 's go back to the beginning of the use of the robot term , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if we were smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines are going against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to the reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the exact opposite , that the urge to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge directly from taking control , rather than the other way around .
Another important implication is the pursuit of purpose .
Now , I 'm often asked : How is it that looking for goals will fall out of this kind of framework ?
My equivalent to that statement to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've extended a lot of our knowledge of how it fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , which points to Earth is only one between the billions of our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures light intensity of stars when the planets move ahead of them , and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of the planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
In conjunction , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky like the land planets in our solar system , and also the amount of light they receive from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure treasure of worlds potentially habitable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hotter record .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for us for millennia now to be disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused at the global scale have surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no an astronomer .
But we study the Goldilocks of the planet influenced by stars , with hope to find places in the universe , where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone really interested in the search of life in the universe , I can tell you that the more planets that look like the Earth , the more I enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> and despite being a little bit further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world showing this for a mission as Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the Curiosity is tracking its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that are orbit , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
Companies now offer not just short space flight , but also the possibility of living on Mars .
But despite all these images , they remind us , remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that still have to colonize colonize , places really <unk> compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry places , the air is fresh , and filled with oxygen in our tropical forests at thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement about the colonization of Mars and other planets to get into a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief of some of Mars waiting for us to save this planet <unk> of the only planet that we know is truly livable , the Earth .
And so I like the interplanetary exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there in order to determine humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will have a place later on the life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for the interplanetary exploration and the terrestrial exploration of earth is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like <unk> aliens .
They 're just getting closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and brightest spaces of the land , we may be able to meet the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a thought experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , the Enrico Fermi physicist asked , having realized that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found the existence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced advanced enough to consider to live between stars , they lose the notion of the important thing that is to protect the origin of the planets that we 're developing .
It 's arrogant to think that we only colonization us ourselves , but the planetary preservation and the Islamist exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments to Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the <unk> task to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll get my own home .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized he did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were on the dining table , where I had left it .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other windows and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'll call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to come in , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe , the next morning , and <unk> from my passport and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but it 's sure that it 's not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , he 's okay stopped .
I 'm a gay neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It liberates cortisol , the heart rate increases , the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thoughts .
And when I came to the city counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in your place , to avoid bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that will make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later my thoughts did n't go .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize , and a bit embarrassed told him that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me he had been practicing something called <unk> retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written about it a few years before , known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , an expert team comes and tries to figure out what was wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you 're looking forward and trying to figure out all the things that might go wrong , next , tries to figure out what can be done to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , and they 're not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious thing .
At home , we 'll get a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our space memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where it 's okay , where the fish are , where the fish trees are , where they live the friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that 's going on in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the <unk> sense of the squirrels and still find their nuts .
They were n't using smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move too much , not so good for things that move too much .
This is the reason for losing keys from the car , reading and passports .
So in home , you put a place for the keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular drawer .
For your reading glasses , a particular ship .
If you take a place and you 're <unk> with it , your things will always be there when you look for .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card , license driving , passport , <unk> by email themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we will not be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on your site .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful situations than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we all will be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our health care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'm going to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is happening as a <unk> for all of medical decisions , and in fact for decision-making financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you have to take that would benefit an rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've got a result of the lab , and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of heart disease , attack your heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard of <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today . They 're even likely to know people who take them .
So you think , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that 's supposed to be done then , a statistic that 's supposed to ask for most physicians do n't want to talk , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number needs to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit to surgery in any medical procedure before you can help a person .
And you must think about what kind of statistic statistic is that ?
The number should be one .
My doctor did n't give me something if it was not to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the fault of the doctor , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But <unk> estimates that 90 percent of drugs works only from 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needs to deal with the most widely prescribed generations , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help one person ?
300 .
This according to the research of the researchers , cynical researchers and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I 'm going to explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack , stroke or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one probability at 300 of my cholesterol decrease my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? Get the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> from the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating muscle pain and articulate , pain grief , but now they think , `` Five percent is not very likely to go to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
You think under stress do n't think of clarity .
So you think about how you do this with time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get away from the drug that help you the drug .
I 'm not saying they should or not to take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires it , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air of the crash , but actually this number needs to be treated is quite typical .
For the surgery that 's more done in the older men in the 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number required to treat it is 49 .
So , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case , they occur in 50 percent of the patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> <unk> , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about before the questions that you can argue that you 're going to take the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice for a lot of times , want a shorter life of pain , or a longer life that could have much pain to the end ?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
<unk> face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or your immune system , because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things , it does n't react very quickly . You could get the lions of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes out of the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all failing .
We 're all going to fail to fail .
The idea is to think about the future , how could those failures be , to put systems in place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
They went to the night in Montreal in Montreal , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed a combination of combination along with the door , with a key door to entry in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , <unk> is my favorite musical symbol .
It means touch .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a `` <unk> '' in the score , you need to touch more gently .
Two ' <unk> , even more smooth .
Four ' , <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , I never had a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The French signs language came over the 1800s , and over the time , I mixed up with local signs , and it developed the language that we now know as <unk> .
So , it has a story about about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and they taught me to believe that the sound was n't a part of my life .
And I believed it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
<unk> are a very important part of my life , really , are in my mind every day .
As a deaf person who lives in a sound world , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following blindly following their rules , customs , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
I learn and make that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't hold the door ! ''
`` Do n't do a lot of noise to eat from the bag of chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you make sure not scratch them on the plate . ''
I call this `` sound label . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm <unk> <unk> .
And I 'm always waiting for you to see the sound , which is coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , by continuing .
<unk> , <unk> .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle , subtle <unk> .
In the deaf culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , do it with my thumb , so it does n't feel natural .
That 's why I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend and that really struck me .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has entered my territory of art .
Am I going to take me more than art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you 're not just experiencing through your ears .
Can I feel it in a tactile way , or experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to claim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had been taught me in terms of the sound , I decided to leave it and get it .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
On the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , it was a kind of a listener person .
And sound is so powerful that I could get to myself and my artistic job , or I could empower .
I chose to join me .
There is a massive culture around the language of speech .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if I had a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me just like the same and become my voice .
That way , I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , work with many different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking borrowed their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary form of value , as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you 're not going on with this practice , I feel that I might be able to do it in oblivion and have no social value .
So with the sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised to see the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not catch and express fully on the paper .
And the same can be said to a concept in <unk> .
The two are very <unk> and highly <unk> meaning that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much as the signals like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , to understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> divide into many different kinds of parameters .
If you assigned a different parameter for each finger , as the facial expression , the movement of the body , the speed of the body , the speed , the shape of the hand , and so while the piano is playing , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get off just a key at the time .
However , <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers at the time to express a <unk> concept or idea in <unk> .
If only a key thing would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing about music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , they can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> signal .
This is the <unk> signal .
I 'm looking at you .
stares .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , yeah !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign , and we 'll scan it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day '' , the sun goes out and puts it .
This is `` all day . ''
If you zoom in and <unk> the speed , visually , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same can be said to `` all night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` overnight , '' `` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents what the time is expressed in <unk> and how far into the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is `` a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past . '' And the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic , dramatic idea at once , `` I had once . ''
`` Common Time '' is a musical term with a specific rate of four times by compass .
However , when I see the word `` common time '' I think automatically , I think automatically .
Look at <unk> : `` right , E : left . ''
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
[ Face ] [ Face ] <unk> ] [ In the chest ] [ On the chest : E , E , a flashlight ) I 'm going to show you a form of your hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do that with me ?
Everybody with the hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in your head like the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` fall in love in the international system . ''
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and the signs of signs worldwide .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me back .
Again .
It 's `` lighting . ''
We 're going to do those three together .
`` colonization '' `` colonization '' and `` enlightenment . ''
Good job .
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in your head and the chest , but they 're transmitted very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sound , it does n't have social value .
We 've got to start questioning what defines social value and allow us to develop their own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people to understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn how to learn <unk> .
<unk> is a rich treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say to me , `` You can do everything , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom means responsibility .
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble from innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I should say , because adults are lied to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning the other of others .
Time spent , now I 'm an adult and teaching citizenship and invention in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait very much for my students to walk on the beach , with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if it 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been going out with these big ships and networks , to collect these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them and put this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very expensive to use those huge boats .
So with my students , with age six to 15 , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> table with <unk> so that the kids very <unk> can be involved .
And I 'll tell you , children who are sharing electrical tools , feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
We do that .
I 'll leave you with my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to figure out something that we hope we hope to work .
So we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took a picture of this plastic -- kids get excited with robots .
Then we started quickly at what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so quick in prototyping creation that we ended up before lunch .
And we turned bulbs and web cameras on accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move through the water and by the plastic we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating through the sensor , while the computer on board , process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a measure estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
So I 'm going to take this invention by step on a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone gets better .
The cool thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it right away .
I can investigate my local problem . But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed kids .
You see the news , you see the Internet , and you 're going to look at this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning a oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water where you fish , the place where you live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and oil are also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very hard to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a first prototype of a spectrometer that can drop across all sorts of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We put this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or looking at a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
[ I can investigate a distance at a distance ) I was forced to make a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and half French , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves of giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear central nuclear power station .
And today , the reports of an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of <unk> pollution .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation is gone away from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's really safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've returned to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independently with other scientists , the earth , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids together .
Of course we did n't get them , the parents did n't afford it .
But every night we reported to the control center -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem to do n't take the job seriously , but they did it because they 're going to have to live with her whole life .
Together with them , we discussed the data we 've discussed that day , and we talk about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the map of elevation , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and water sprinkle to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that radioactive powder is filtering from the top of the mountain into the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a clear estimate .
But based on this , we have a civil expedition , the nearest nuclear expedition to the date .
We 're approaching up to a mile from the nuclear central , and with the fishermen of the area , we went collecting sediments from the sea bed with a <unk> tracker that we invent and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more frustrating , because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve the problems .
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all these things .
So the classroom became so much small , so we find an industrial installation in Hong Kong , and we become the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the middle of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost out of everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where kids ' dreams can become reality with adult aid , and where adults can be kids again .
Students ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of renewable mobility ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age transforming their standard wheels chairs in new electric vehicles ?
Plastic , oil and <unk> are terrible , terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our children is lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the kids from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientific citizens , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so that you can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin <unk> cultures , two radically opposing development .
One is made from thousands of steel pieces , another one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One puts it over the environment , the other one creates .
One is designed by nature , the other one for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
<unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are n't <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , cells , we take all of the information required it for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been dominated by weightlifting and production production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , including the imagination of trained designers to think of their objects as <unk> from discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You act mostly as filter , the other mostly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes its functionality through variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my vision of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect to work today between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and growth between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows in the two screens after me .
My job , on its simplest level , tries to unite these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't it possible for this , 10 years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where they have four disciplines that offers access to tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , of large-scale feet , like this robotic arm in diameter with a force force that some day not very distant to print entire buildings , and graphics on the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark .
So here we have <unk> the disadvantages , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it 's created a screen where every aperture is unique size to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we 've been exploring the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with <unk> -- it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with 3D printing collaborator , we print this layer and 3D skirt with no seams between cells , and I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials on 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allowing us to design products that fit not only the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair for structural and comfortable , and also it absorbs sound .
The teacher Carter , my collaborator , we went back to the nature of inspiring , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 're going to get this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , attached to the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , like , in nature , sets its functionality not through addition to another material or other assembly , but continuously continuously , as material property .
But is it the ideal nature ?
Are there parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me about the Hebrew Bible , and one of them was left and came to define a lot of what matters .
As she says , `` In the third day of Creation , God sends the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first tree <unk> , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a piece of fruit .
Instead , the land made trees grow up trees , cortex , stems and flowers .
The earth created a world made out of parts .
I 'm often wondering , `` What would the design be like if the objects were done from one piece ? ''
Do you get to a better state of creation ? ''
So we looked for that the biblical material , the kind of tree of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons is produced every year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it a legal <unk> . We call a lot of shrimp husks , <unk> and produced paste paste .
It includes the chemical concentrations , we 've been able to get a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the structures on a big scale , it 's built a system with multiple <unk> of controlled controlled .
The robot could vary the properties of the material , and create these structures made from one material a half a <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it gets them dry to find a natural form to contact with the air .
So why do we continue designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain microorganisms , which was used for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the bacteria engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition without <unk> beams , and if it grows even more of windows .
A <unk> tree .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little synthetic biology , we have transformed a <unk> structure of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects that are designed for biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> marine life , and placed on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep your life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we must master bacteria and control their flow .
So like the periodic table , we did our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , they made <unk> and <unk> .
I like to think of synthetic biology as the liquid alchemy , only instead of <unk> metals , new biological functionalities within very small channels within smaller channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 'll take our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothes , they combined two microorganisms .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit the human intestine .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other consumes sugar and produce useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms does not interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel which resembles the digestive tract , which will help flow these bacteria and to turn their function on their way .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we can bring the material properties to the desired functionality .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , we get more transparent channels .
This is a portable system , when it reaches from one extreme to another , goes 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our lean intestine .
And here it is , as I 'm going to be scooped at TED , our first portable laptop , brilliant liquid channels with life inside your clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're <unk> creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would give the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal scans that we would embrace our skin , and we can get damaged tissue and control our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
It 's always going to go back to nature .
Now , you know , a 3D printer is printed material .
You also know that nature does n't do it .
It 's growing . It is growing with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home inside which they were <unk> .
So manufacturing does n't get closer to this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , assembling those fibers in each other .
And this happens through scales .
The silk worm first turned on in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then begins to get a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you would put a cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon , <unk> directly through the environment .
They 're often thrown out of silk worms to death within their cocoons , its silk is discarded and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
You get <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we climbed this process to architectural scale .
We had a robot that we 've been able to fill with silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew the silk worms to go into the darkest and cold areas , so we use a solar path diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat into our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms over the structure .
We were ready to get the caterpillars .
We asked them 4,000 to silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after we got four weeks , they were prepared to get out with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
By getting out biological silk on <unk> silk , they give everything this pavilion its integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 4,000 of silk worms slowed down 4,000 miles away .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk by a robotic arm , the other full empty arm .
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers have to bring these two visions of the world out of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which leads us of a design inspired by nature to a nature inspired by design , which demands for us for the first time , that we 're in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you ever asked them , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when you asked them for the first time ?
They can relate to your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if you say , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and <unk> and art , and she went on , and I was playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And generally I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time , this feeling of boredom , this feeling , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell you about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get myself on it , and I 'm going to let me absorb and I feel `` Yes ! I 've found this , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all my other passions , and let 's get them to <unk> .
Another reason that I made so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there would be something wrong with this , and something bad in me , by nothing .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or to <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I would like to ask you something that I 'd like to have wondered then .
Ask yourself , where learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned about culture .
`` What do you want to be older ? ''
We 're about five years old .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make nice answers in children like , `` Being an astronaut , '' or `` be a dancer '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to tell you the 12-year-old suit here .
So this question is done over and over again as we grow up in various ways , about speaking , to high school students to be asked to pick up in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise before what sleep is removed .
Why ?
If this question is inspired by children to dream with what might be , not inspired to dream with everything that might be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer with 20 different things , while adults good might laugh and say , `` Oh , what cute , but you ca n't be artisan and a psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs and he is craftsman of violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , the magazine editor turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , professor and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of destiny or the real vocation , the idea that every one of us has something to do for their time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and devote your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who is n't connected in this way ?
What if there are many different subjects that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do ?
There 's no place for someone as one in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel it does n't have a goal .
And feeling that there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with a lot of interest and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that to say .
It could help if you divide it into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms that we 've got the same idea , as scholar , as scholar .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's show any term you might like or make your own .
It seems like a species to adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their interests shared in cartography , data data , trips , math and design , as I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired by the company .
Now <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea by its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
So the new ideas come from .
And <unk> them , with all their background , can access a lot of these points of intersection .
The second <unk> superpower is quickly learning .
When we were <unk> , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We are used to being beginners , by having been a lot of times in the past , and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and come out of our comfort areas .
A lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything we 've learned to every new area that we pursue , so rarely start out of zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and an independent writer .
As a child he refined an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a city planner .
He had to learn the toughest sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling launches for publishers .
Rarely it 's a waste of time to go to what you 're drawn to , even if you finally leave it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third <unk> superpower is the adaptability , and it is , the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes a director of videos , other <unk> , website , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes he looks like , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of your clients .
Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so fast and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we really thrive .
<unk> of ideas , rapid learning and adaptability -- three abilities where <unk> are very adept , and three abilities that could be lost if they 're stressed out to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest to encourage them to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly by knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad in you either .
In fact , some of the best teams get together in a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put on ideas , and <unk> offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and racing with how we 're connected to .
And unfortunately , to <unk> them in large part , they are encouraging them to just be more like their specialized partners .
Once you say this , if there 's one thing you take from this talk , I hope that it is : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever it is .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 'll go through all the media .
That 's where you 'll give the best one .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I 'm telling you , let 's engage with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity for those rabbit <unk> .
We intersections the intersections .
It takes our inner wiring into our inner wiring that leads us to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year <unk> , a woman named <unk> took it to a sanitarium in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor called <unk> .
<unk> , I did n't know how to help <unk> , but he would go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he had done a autopsy , and they found strange plates and they found strange plates , and they found a guy who had never seen before .
Even more surprising .
If we were to have been alive today , we could n't give it to her more help that the one that <unk> gave him 60 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From <unk> medicine has moved a lot .
They have been discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , lots of cancer treatments for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But a little bit of progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 , or more , your possibility for Alzheimer 's disease will be almost one of each two .
In other words , there 's the probability that you have to spend their years with Alzheimer 's or helping to take care of a friend or loved with Alzheimer 's .
Just in America , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs took a five-year increase in the year 2050 , as the generation is older than the boomers .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation .
But it 's done relatively little to fight it .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death across the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow its development .
We understand less of Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases , because we 've spent less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that we have more Alzheimer 's disease , and cause a similar annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should -- Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everybody , even scientists , <unk> disease with aging .
We think it 's going to be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain brain compared to a Alzheimer 's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to spark a severe memory of memory and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's significantly relevant life , and it 's always deadly .
Remember Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and <unk> strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds out as an origami .
There are places in the paper that are their sticky .
And when it folds right , these sticky points end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some of these are their sticky dots stay along the outside .
This makes the protein molecules <unk> each other , forming groups that can form big plates and <unk> .
That 's what we see in the brain of Alzheimer 's patients .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification at which step block is complex , like a bomb .
It 's a cable that could do nothing .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that it locks , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of the wires have reduced the wires and waited for the best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemicals , physicists , engineers .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that we 're using specifically this step to stop the disease .
Let me show you some of our last results .
No one out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's take a few videos from what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick with each other within them , as humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of wait , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But to grow that hope , of overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We must argue that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we tried , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have higher research and educational pressure on governments , a pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move forward into HIV treatment in the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit for overcoming cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk about themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers for their loved ones and night , are often too graphic to go out and advocate for the change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need for themselves .
<unk> by them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times that 's Modern New York Times , in January of this year .
To fall in love with somebody , do this .
This article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience by testing myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers will come up to get 36 and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with one quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was it the last time you 'd come to somebody else ?
And just ?
It 's really mediated , these are getting more and more personal .
Number 30 : -- I really like -- Tell your partner what you like from him or she , I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you do n't say to somebody you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the occasion of testing this study , with someone who I knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to get them .
However , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the column open to that a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering , do they keep together still ?
And the reason I think we 'll challenge this is because I 've been asked this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the paper was published was very nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been invited to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views , like a lot , and those were usually just about my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be a few thousand views .
And that came up with a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But he had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And on Sunday , I had already called the Today Show and `` Good <unk> America . ''
In a month , the article received over eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is foster confidence by writing with sincerity , on love experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or write , what they did every day for weeks , they were always asking the same question : still do n't go together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search at the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` still follow together ? ''
And several messages immediately appeared .
They were from students and journalists and journalists like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
I even gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately became red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable on it .
But I was not ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions looked like their own life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , which included readers of readers to test the study on them with different degrees of success .
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we did a public emergence together .
I 'm using television interviews , and I refused to fold orders from us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the icons of the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know just if the study worked , they wanted to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce enduring love , not just an adventure , but real , real love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship had just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people asked the wrong question .
How do we follow it together or not , and then you put it ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the research target was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking at interpersonal approach among college students , using what Aron called <unk> <unk> , progressive and mutual .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were felt closer after doing it . several studies later , they also used the <unk> protocol by Aron as a quick way of creating confidence and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between the police members and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I proved last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of eye contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk on a little liberal arts college , and then a student came up to me and he said to me to shyness : I tried the studio and did n't work .
He seemed baffled for it .
And I said , you want to say that you 're going to tell you about the person who you did it ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she only wants to be friends .
And I 've got better friends ?
Did you have to get better know to know better to test the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
However , I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think that 's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love .
I came across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had that relationship since I had 20 , which was pretty much all my adult life , and he was my first true love , and he had no idea how or he could live without it .
So I turned into science .
And so I did all of what I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could be a certain way to do the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did research for the book that I wrote , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if I set up with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I used to myself .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably likely to demand me .
What I 'm looking for love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to keep being loved by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story was told by the 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to mitigate some of the risk implicit , and this is a very attractive story , because fall in love with us feeling beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that asks : still follow together ?
And his content with a response to the response or no .
So more than a question , I would propose that we do more difficult questions , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with doubt ?
I do n't know necessarily the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of my relationship from my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , and I apply a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But fall in love is not the same thing to remain in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote , `` Love did not happen . ''
<unk> fell in love because we took the choice to be .
And I shudder a little bit about reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that the choice was supposed to be .
He did n't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision , and how much times you will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he always chose me or not .
I want it to be enough to have done , and responded through them , I 'd chosen to love someone as generous , kind of fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I might like to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending implicit in my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I did n't actually write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity of choosing someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a lesbian and a way , and in a way , I got like a forest <unk> .
The city of New York makes a time , which really affected me but more details later on .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
I took a wooden box , and I took a bill from a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought some of the weird things , or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and we 'll see how our species exchanging ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's really grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still making boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from tour and surf and all those weird things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took off all the pages and made a kind of <unk> <unk> style , like Agnes Martin , I covered the resin and a bee was trapped .
Well , my mother is afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could get it .
Instead , the opposite happened : somehow it seemed to be increased size , as if it was to be able to meet the text with a magnifying glass .
So , I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , draw the same thing around a body of crime .
And I took out the objects , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens invented .
First , botanical -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made insects and strangers .
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , and I was making some money for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I got interested in the human form , sculptures of natural fashion resin with human beings inside the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was lost .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass sheets , similar to the drawing in a window , then in a window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that make a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by a lot in `` The Garden of delight , '' which is a painting at the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of his time .
Well the `` triptych . '' I want to explain this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
5.5 feet long .
It 's <unk> , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They go from the world of representation , this underlying analog mesh where they 're hidden .
Here 's where the creatures with heads of animals are headed to the beacon , ready to kill suicide , in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird bird tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon -- the <unk> platform of <unk> <unk> -- the refuge of Osama bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But also , a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological thing that holds the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium .
So it 's a `` triptych . ''
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go on the other side , you have a nose , like a bird peak , and it spits out clouds of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail of snake that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turns on fire on fire on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> balloon made from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were made in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It brings me to my last time .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each acts as a kind of file in a way of being human , and they travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs 100 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This is a little cave on my chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can see the input .
I 'm going to show you the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and it covers the penis or <unk> , or whatever it has , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher on these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body game in half .
This is two heads , and they 're communicating with each other .
There 's some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the chest cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
So this brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called air-conditioning <unk> .
In this box there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a <unk> , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
And we 'll take the box and all of the people inside of each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we come to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these countries from countries , from the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same stuff , and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange these things with sweetness , they 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when your head hurts ?
They take an aspirin .
But for this pill to have the pain effect , the first goes through your stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'll take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug is fixed in the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that by <unk> any drug it gets diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and it will increase the count of <unk> cells .
But they are also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get into the blood stream , they will be kidnapped , and worse for the time that it takes to reach its destination , which is where it 's most important : in the HIV warehouse .
These are regions of the body as the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and they do n't easily enter the bloodstream of patients who are <unk> to regular drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that it 's a treatment of life managed by oral life .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert on lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for care of all wounds and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything you think , including shipping drug transport .
In fact , we 're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes , which open and closing almost immediately cells that are infected with HIV to introduce drugs .
The best they ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We send a small and powerful laser beam over the cell membrane living in HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser travels through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately immediately .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or in Petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the site of the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is going to the site of the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly into the infection site , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher of HIV , in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying National armed groups : armed organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
card with what these groups do when they 're not shooting at .
My goal is to understand better than these agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do the field work , in the world of politics and the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost everything in progress , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and actors not government .
For example , the <unk> agreements of 1975 peace , and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups ; we even owe it to <unk> or engage in any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do we do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know the reasons they 're fighting , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and policies are not connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese suit , known for their violent legacy against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980 , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also manages the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
It 's going to be a complex piece of communication : radio stations , TV channels , web websites and strategy in social networks .
And here 's the magazine of ISIS , printed printed and published to recruit .
armed groups are also investing in a fundraising , no looting , but by using profitable businesses -- for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their strength , to recruit better and build their brand .
<unk> groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they 're going to run a professional training programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
<unk> groups are also trying to conquer the population to offering something that the state does n't give : security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in a Afghanistan held by the war , or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , can also be able to look at the efforts of these groups to deliver security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for population .
But , in general , providing social services means filling up a vacuum , a desirability gap by the government , and it allows them to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 from Palestinian Hamas , ca n't understand without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we looked at the armed groups , we only think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow because they get gaps left by government , and they emerge as groups of armed and political groups participating in the violent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated things are these organizations , we can less <unk> as something opposite to a state .
How will a group like <unk> ?
They 're part of a territory , and they run all their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of nations without state and hybrids , and the weaker they are , the states , the more in the Middle East , the more they come in and fill that gap is non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in the military tools .
It has to be at the center of government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is really important to set up and build peace .
If we better understand the armed groups , we 'll understand better what incentives to offer to foster violence from violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute , between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but we do n't give us peace and stability .
To achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that gap of security , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman as a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the tag on `` feminist '' would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I 'm going to get a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling the Bad <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke intended myself and a deliberate provocation , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and my 20s , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women who are <unk> , anger with the men and hated sex . Like that was bad .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems to be a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people in fact that might be a feminist .
It 's going to be labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a word taboo and nasty .
I 'm going through as a woman who does n't follow the rules , which is asking too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Eventually , as I was growing up , I started accepting that I am , in fact , feminist , and also proud of it .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
<unk> the same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of bullying or violence .
We have right to use an easy way and accessible your contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without needing <unk> or doctrines to stroke .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have in account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , gender , religion and sexuality , condition , abilities , and much more .
We need to have these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive to work , I hear rap music to everything .
Although the letter degrades to women , and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> '' from doodling is amazing .
`` Do you do with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , give it , <unk> until you get the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely <unk> by my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man 's work , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , <unk> care and maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
It 's going to come from fashion magazines and nice things .
I can look at `` The <unk> , '' and the romantic cartoons , and I have to be surprised with that fairy fairy tales .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt his husband 's name , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that they make women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We make this problem .
We were going to be conventional feminism that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender women , for white women , straight , middle class .
Listen , if that 's nice feminism is a very bad feminist .
It 's also the following : As a feminist , I 'm a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 'll make perfection .
When we were <unk> , we take a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I 've been <unk> from that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and leaders ' leaders , are afraid of being tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yeah , I 'm a feminist , '' because of what that sticker means , so I fear not to be able to meet the little realistic expectations .
Take an example to <unk> , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist Times .
In the <unk> Music of 2014 , on MTV , he stood in front of the word `` feminist '' in front of the word `` feminist . ''
It was a magnificent show , looking at this pop star will embrace openly to know feminism and to know women and young men that be a feminist is something to be proud of .
The time , cultural critics started endless arguments if we were able to figure it out or not exactly feminist .
Let 's take your feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
We 're really fighting the feminist , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need to be so disappointed .
We 're going much beyond sensible and constructive critically , to treat anybody 's feminism , to tear it up until nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
evil feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We have to recognize our flaws , will go to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I hear music music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier by providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until <unk> the change actually affecting their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does your music have to be so stubborn ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when the bad decisions justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve , and it 's our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two fantastic girls , brilliant and brilliant , and also very brave .
They 're going to spread through the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is within a much easier way to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as sport , <unk> the Game of Thrones .
We can change the radio station when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema in the other part when movies are not treating women more than decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports sports where athletes treat their teammates as boxing .
In any case , men , especially white men can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post it in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't have enough of women , both to participate as to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive to a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but forcing us to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to be included until more of us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision goods .
Because we 're not groupers in <unk> . Without these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments is going to mean very little .
We can make these small acts of courage and hope that our decisions will reach the top , the people in the power of directors and film producers and music , CEOs , people who can make big decisions , more courageous , to create lasting , meaningful change .
We can also say with the courage our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my `` Bad <unk> '' book says , `` I 'm thinking to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , especially , my voice was stolen to me , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to deal with what happened .
A few kids were shocked when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me like it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was n't .
<unk> my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to it .
I 'm going to get myself into a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women that showed me that it was n't .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little brave , another woman might hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world tries to tell us we are .
In a hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other , I argue the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way to think , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little bit courageous , when more you need such a courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , there were measles or being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in <unk> .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There 's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that sparked the argument about autism and vaccines would know , disqualified and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe the majority of intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still changing that vaccines put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the increased autism estimates in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
And the few psychologists and pediatricians that I 'd heard about , they create their entire professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , prevalence continued stable as stable as three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
Use fundraising companies as <unk> <unk> is routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely routinely refer to another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people at the Center for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` extended diagnostic criteria , '' and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate a lot of the fear of a young mother who looks for the face of his two-year-old son , the eye contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand , why were they so low at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has to do with slow and cautious progress from the science of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In <unk> , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to inhabit private worlds , forcing people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun during the hands of shaking their faces , but they were prey to panic as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the patients treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the main authority of the world on the subject , he declared that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while they pick reference in places as far as South Africa .
This is not really surprising , because the criteria of <unk> for autism diagnosis was very <unk> .
For example , let 's try to give the diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it turns out that he had become nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and <unk> parents .
These kids , he said , they 've been very carefully kept in a refrigerator .
At the same time , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish 18 symphonies , before they turned the two years .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad view of these skills , saying things like the kids were simply by a few of what they 'd heard about their parents ' parents , desperate to earn their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of embarrassment for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s , the researchers started to test the <unk> theory of autism that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought the theory of mothers ' mothers was pretty stupid .
She and his husband John were warm and <unk> people , and they had a profound autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like <unk> without special support , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for the autistic kids and their families , and their colleague , Judith Gould , decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
He had a suburb of London called <unk> to try to find the autistic children in the community .
What they saw was that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't talk at all , whereas others were getting into their fascination with astrophysics , in the dinosaurs , or the genealogy of the <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids were n't quite nice and <unk> , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost to try and make sense of their data .
How did no one ever realized these kids before ?
But then <unk> found a reference to a article published in German in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
I knew about this article from the competition , but I avoided mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who ran an integrated clinic with a internship in Vienna in Vienna .
The Asperger 's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with music exercises with music , and children were still their games on Sunday .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as disabilities as a life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces tailored for the entire lifetime .
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he went to help in development methods that were especially right for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw autism as a diverse continuum that included a surprising variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in recent archetypes in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the distracted professor .
He was beyond even saying , for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith found out that <unk> was wrong in that autism was <unk> , as well as parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of <unk> to expand the diagnostic criteria that reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
At the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive <unk> .
These changes did not fell on a broken bag .
<unk> , when <unk> and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he went `` <unk> Man '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable performance of Dustin Hoffman , like Raymond <unk> and the `` <unk> Man '' awards with four awards from the Academy of Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , they were introduced the first easy clinical trials to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnoses started rise to the same as they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact hoping that it was , getting people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that are deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame the vaccines by the rise in the diagnosis , a simple , powerful story , and seductive history as a theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one of 68 children in America are right , the autistic people are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
Over the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that these are puzzles by solving by the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think of terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily scalable , social obsessionally , and it suffers from a deficit deficit .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger 's , which creates that `` cure '' for the most disabling teachers , are in the understanding of teachers , employers with ability , support communities , and parents with faith in their children 's potential .
An autistic woman called <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on cover to get the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
